 Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of relevant work experience in software development.   Experience working with two or more from the following:  web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in engineering, computer science, or other technical related field; or equivalent practical experience  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.   Google Technical Services:  Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions.  Flight Solutions Engineers (FSE) provide consulting, integration, support services and tools for the Google airfare pricing and shopping product. The FSE team is made of experts in the Google airfare pricing and shopping solution, QPX, as well as in the air travel industry in general. They work directly with technical and business staff at our partners, as well as Google Business Development/Sales, Product, Engineering and Operations teams.  As an FSE in 3rd party integrations on the Google Technical Services Flights team, you will implement and maintain transactional pricing and booking functionality through Google’s many packaged travel partners. These integrations form a critical portion in the mission of Google Travel to be the trusted place where travelers go for personalized information to make faster, effortless decisions. You will be involved in defining, documenting, implementing, and supporting the lifecycle of partner integrations. Where appropriate, you will be responsible for scaling integrations through training and quality monitoring of offshore vendor teams.  Flight Solutions Engineers work very closely with some of the largest and fastest growing companies in the Travel and Airline industry. As an FSE, you will gain a deep understanding of Google’s travel products and the data feeds that drive the technology.   Note:  This role may require travel to integration partners or vendor sites.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Build, test, and maintain integration code (Java, JSON, XML) that enables Google users to price and book through 3rd party service APIs. Troubleshoot issues with code and integration.  Identify opportunities to scale future integrations through process and technology  Author process documentation and perform training  Mentor Google and vendor resources and perform code reviews  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical subject or equivalent practical experience.  Experience coding in Java  Experience in JSON, XML, HTML, and Unix/Linux.  Experience working with and managing external partners and customers.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or Master's degree.  5 years of hands-on experience in Internet products and technologies, including web service API integration.  Experience in managing critical and complex projects.  Experience in process documentation and technical writing.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  You have the opportunity to work on everything from the core platform that runs the world's largest distributed network to redefining the systems that allow applications and services to provide useful information to billions of users around the globe. From our Data Center software groups to Google's Cloud Platform, Gmail to YouTube, our infrastructure engineers across departments wrestle with the vast scale of a ubiquitous system, its products, and services and revolutionize industry leading technologies to handle the sheer magnitude at which Google operates.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your strong background in distributed systems and large scale storage systems.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of relevant work experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with large scale distributed systems, concurrency, multithreading and synchronization. Experience with large systems software and UNIX/Linux environments.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with TCP/IP and network programming.  Experience with database internals, database language theories, database design, SQL and database programming.  Understanding of technologies such as virtualization and global infrastructure, load balancing, networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce and security.  Research Scientists at Google work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with researchers at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new learning algorithms, Research Scientists work on challenges in machine perception, data mining, machine learning, and natural language understanding. As a Google Research Scientist, you will continue to be an active contributor to the wider research community by collaborating with academic researchers and by publishing papers.  Researchers on the Google Brain team have the freedom to set their research agenda and to engage as much or as little as they wish with existing products, choosing between doing more basic, methodological research or more applied research as necessary to produce the most compelling results. Because many of the advances we develop today may take years to become useful, the team as a whole maintains a portfolio of projects across this spectrum. It is our philosophy that making substantive progress on hard applications can help drive and sharpen the research questions we study, and in turn scientific breakthroughs can spawn entirely new applications.  The Google Brain team’s research focuses on methods that can learn multiple layers of rich, non-linear feature extractors and can scale to large amounts of data. Much of our work is best understood as part of the deep learning subfield of machine learning, but we are interested in any methods capable of efficient and effective feature learning that get good results on challenging problems. We have resources and access to projects impossible to find elsewhere. Our broad and fundamental research goals allow us to collaborate closely with and–contribute uniquely to–many different product teams across the company.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence)   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Python  Contributions to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers in machine learning venues (e.g: JMLR, ICLR, NIPS, ICML, ACL and CVPR)     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab  Strong publication record  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.   Remote locations may be available in the following states:  Alaska, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio or Wisconsin  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You're a Sales Engineer with excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, search products, content/document management repository systems, and SQL-based relational databases.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Own the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources.  Work hands-on with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - especially as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  As a Technical Account Manager (TAM) for Google Cloud, you will be responsible for ensuring customers get the most value from their Google Cloud Platform and G Suite investments. You'll develop relationships, both internally and externally, connect with business executives and IT stakeholders to develop an understanding of their business requirements and goals. Building on this knowledge, you will develop a strategic roadmap and facilitate customers’ digital transformation and migration to Google Cloud Platform and G Suite solutions. As the primary contact, you will manage ongoing transformation activities and ensure the long term success of the account. TAMs are seen as trusted technical advisors who understand enterprise IT’s strategic and architectural challenges, and are able to engage directly with executives, architects and developers at our partners and large enterprise customers.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Drive the customer partnership for key strategic customers. Establish executive relationships, conduct customer QBRs, advocate for customer to rapidly knock down adoption blockers, and coordinate across multiple work streams and teams to maintain customer momentum.  Own the post-sales relationship with customers to maximize value. Team with customer technical and implementation leads and partners to manage and drive successful adoption of Google Cloud.  Guide customers through the entire innovation lifecycle, building strategic roadmaps and driving achievement of key milestones. Serve as champion and advocate for business transformation, enabling teams to embrace cloud technologies.  Provide best practices and accelerated support for Google Cloud Platform and G Suite Solutions. Develop best practice recommendations for Google Cloud partners based on the experience gained during customer engagements.  Drive customer feedback to Google product management and engineering to ensure the best possible production experience, and assist in prioritizing product requirements by communicating customer needs and impact.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience in a healthcare or life sciences company or consulting firm in an infrastructure and/or data systems environment with knowledge of healthcare industry regulations/policies for cloud-based technical solutions.  Experience working with a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team and customer base.  Ability to travel up to 30% of the time.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in application/workload migration to Amazon Web Services, Azure or Google Cloud Platform.  Experience in working with channel partners, system integrators and third party developers to deliver solutions.  Demonstrated ability to present technical materials to diverse stakeholder groups and to engage with executives on both technical and non-technical matters.  Experience in cloud operations - technical support or operations (e.g. capacity planning, product release management, etc.)   Background in at least 2 of the following areas:  data center infrastructure, operating systems, networking, security, system administration, service management modernization, and/or data architecture.  Excellent stakeholder, project management and communication skills.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, executive speaker series, and community-building. This program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal - which requires research, awareness, interactivity, and asking questions.  From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. We focus on being a collaborative, global organization consisting of engineers who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on our core products and services as well as those who support critical functions of our engineering operations. Depending on your background and experience, you will be working in one of the following areas:  Product and Systems Development  Whether it's finding new and innovative ways to advance search quality, building computing platform and networking technologies, automating the indexing of videos, or continuing to refine and scale complex auction systems (just to name a few), you will be developing solutions to some of the most challenging technical problems out there. You will research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offerings and collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Examples of specialist domains: UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, security, embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers).  Engineering Productivity  As a Software Engineer in the Engineering Productivity organization, you'll use your software design, analysis and programming skills to create innovative automated test systems. The test team undertakes a broad range of challenges on a daily basis, designing and building intelligent systems that can explore various use cases and scenarios for distributed computing infrastructure. Just imagine trying to design and build an automated testing system for something that's never been done before.  Site Reliability  Software Engineers working in Site Reliability are involved in every facet of Google's production and work on the cutting edge of cloud-based computing. As a member of this team you are in the thick of everything involved with keeping Google running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. Software engineers on this team love to create robust and scalable software that scale to tens of millions of users. You will handle challenging, novel situations every day, and work with just about every other engineering and operations team to provide services and applications that are quintessentially Google - fast, reliable and accessible to all.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world problems.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.  Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor's or Master’s degree program in Computer Science or related technical field and returning to a full-time degree program after completion of the internship.  Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms; experience with algorithms, using data structures to solve problems, and interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Experience writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python (e.g., remove duplicate elements from a list).  Experience with linear coding and use language features when necessary (e.g., data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in 2019.  Previous tech internships or demonstrated work experience (i.e. research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.) programming in two or more of the following languages: C, C++ Java, JavaScript, or Python.  Ability to develop thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing).  Ability to manipulate code to improve system availability and latency and optimize code for stability, functionality and scalability for a segment of Google's infrastructure, service area, or within a technology domain (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Ability to isolate problems to a database subsystem.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant work experience in software development.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field.   Experience with one or more of the following:  Natural Language Processing, text understanding, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar.  In little more than a decade, Google has created one of the world's largest global computing infrastructures for both internal and external use. Using our unique technologies, along with open source tools, we keep Google's products and services running, robust and secure. Our objective is to create solutions that allow people to work and communicate in new and innovative ways – giving back to the world's technical community whenever we can.  As a Technical Solutions Consultant intern, you will be part of teams that provide technical support to Google's external partners and clients. As such, you will play a role in supporting external partners and clients, and develop tools to make our operations smarter and scalable. Your projects could range from driving analysis to determine root causes of customer dissatisfaction, building tools to automate and scale operations or developing custom solutions for some of Google's top partners.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and backend services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions, and troubleshooting their problems. Understand operational workflows, identify and define tool needs to enable operational scaling, and drive the development (initial and ongoing) and deployment of these tools with Engineering.  Create and update documentation as integration methods are applied (e.g., requirements document, technical design document, project plan, etc).  Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems. Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Solve problems that may involve access and analysis of massive amounts of data and information. Help to develop massively scalable, distributed software systems and collaborate on different smaller projects.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience with web technologies and experience with HTTP, HTMP, XML.  Database design and SQL Query construction experience.   Experience in one or more programming languages:  C++, Python or Java; experience with SQL and data modeling.     Preferred qualifications:   Enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Master's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience in systems software or algorithms.  Some client facing experience (gained through university, part time work, etc), or proxy skills (university society membership, organizing/leading voluntary activities).  Demonstrated business savvy and effective communication skills (relevant for a technical audience).  Authorization to work in the United States.  Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Android is the most widely-deployed OS in the world today. A very large part of this success is its open-source nature. As Google finalizes new versions of the Android platform, we publish them on r.android.com. The main SoC vendors in the world then create forks of Android Open Source Project (AOSP) that they host on their infrastructure. These forks contain a lot of code that the SoC vendor maintains for the purposes of their own clients: features not found in AOSP, bug fixes, and SoC-specific platform enhancements, extensions, and apps. It is these forks that in turn serve as the source of truth for the device manufacturers (ODMs) who take this code and ship devices based on it. A lot of the larger ODMs maintain their own second-tier forks of AOSP with their own enhancements and value-add. The code for these devices is in a sense a clone of the ODM's code itself, as they sit on separate branches with tags that get frozen after the devices ship. Thus we get into a situation where almost every Android device around the world is not pure AOSP, but is actually three Android forks away from the "pure" Android framework. The large and increasing delta between AOSP and these forks slow down the adoption of new Android platform and security bug fixes.  The Solution is to pivot away from the forking model of device development (while keeping Android open-source, of course) by compartmentalizing things such that participants in the development and roll-out of Android devices--Google, the SoC vendor, and the ODM--can develop their "parts" of Android in isolation from each other. Those parts would then couple loosely together and interface in a way that would make it possible for them to be updated independently of each other, where that makes sense.  The Treble team is tasked with carrying out the engineering design and implementation of the effort, and also with driving cross-team efforts both within and outside of Google to make sure we get there. We are looking for engineers who are comfortable with large codebases; people who already either possess or are willing to acquire deep knowledge of Android, Linux, mobile systems, system development; people who are comfortable with ambiguity that is inherent at the start of this vision, and who are willing to work with others to clarify and drive the vision to successful completion.  Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Engage with partners. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience working on the Android operating system and/or Linux Kernel programming, Device bring-up, BSP.  Programming experience in C and C++.     Preferred qualifications:   Programming experience in Java and Assembly (ARM or x86)  Experience with embedded system debugging, system-level programming, Android frameworks, Android build system, Linux kernel development, Compiler-driven instrumentation using LLVM/clang or GCC.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  With millions of companies relying on Google Cloud, we regularly answer questions about security, privacy, reliability and compliance - the four pillars of Trust. As a Regional Security and Compliance Specialist you will utilize both your technical aptitude and exemplary communication skills to address Trust during frequent engagements with customers. You will work with sales, engineering, policy and legal personnel within Google. You will periodically serve as a Google representative when liaising with regulators and the public as it relates to our Google Cloud solutions.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Provide subject matter expertise on areas security, privacy and regulatory compliance to sales, marketing, product development, legal and policy teams.  Support local sales teams in pursuit of key business opportunities, engaging customers to address trust concerns (presentations, technical discussions and other related activities).  Assist policy personnel in technical conversations with policy makers, industry bodies and other third parties to advance Google’s message.  Provide feedback to product management in the development of trust related features and support regional security and compliance accreditation projects.  Develop programs to enhance knowledge of trust throughout the sales organization. Serve as a public advocate of cloud computing at conferences, industry training and related events.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field, Law or Public Policy, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of work experience in the software or Internet industries.  4 years of work experience in the field of technology-related security, privacy or policy.     Preferred qualifications:   4 years of technical sales or field sales experience, with strong business knowledge; sales engineering or professional consulting experience.  Understanding of security controls at the systems, network, and application level  Strong knowledge of ISO 27001, SOC 2/3 audit, FedRamp, HIPPA, and risk management experience (e.g., ENISA).  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  As a Technical Account Manager (TAM), you will be responsible for ensuring customers get the most value from their Google Cloud Platform and G Suite investments. You will develop relationships, both internally and externally, connect with business executives and IT stakeholders to develop an understanding of their business requirements and goals. Building on this knowledge, you will develop a strategic roadmap and facilitate customers’ digital transformation and migration to Google Cloud Platform and G Suite solutions.  As the primary contact, you will manage ongoing transformation activities and ensure the long term success of the account. TAMs are seen as trusted technical advisors who understand enterprise IT’s strategic and architectural challenges, and are able to engage directly with executives, architects and developers at our partners and large enterprise customers.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Drive the customer partnership for key strategic customers; establish executive relationships, conduct customer QBRs (quarterly business reviews), advocate for customer to rapidly action adoption blockers, and coordinate across multiple workstreams and teams to maintain customer momentum.  Own the relationship with customers to maximize value; partner with customer technical and implementation leads and partners to manage and drive successful adoption of Google Cloud.  Guide customers through the entire innovation lifecycle, building strategic roadmaps and driving achievement of key milestones; serve as an advocate for business transformation, enabling teams to embrace cloud technologies.  Provide best practices and accelerated support for Google Cloud Platform and G Suite Solutions; Develop best practice recommendations for Google Cloud partners based on the experience gained during customer engagements.  Drive customer feedback to Google product management and engineering to ensure the best possible production experience, and assist in prioritizing product requirements by communicating customer needs and impact.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience in a retail company or consulting firm in an infrastructure and/or data systems environment with experience in retail industry regulations/policies for cloud-based technical solutions.  Experience working with a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team and customer base.  Ability to travel up to 30% of the time.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in working with channel partners, system integrators and third-party developers to deliver solutions.  Experience in application/workload migration to Google Cloud Platform or similar services.  Experience in cloud operations, technical support or operations (e.g., capacity planning, product release management, etc.).   Background in two or more of the following areas:  data center infrastructure, operating systems, networking, security, system administration, service management modernization, and/or data architecture.  Demonstrated ability to present technical materials to diverse stakeholder groups and to engage with executives on both technical and non-technical matters.  Excellent stakeholder, project management and communication skills.  The Cloud Developer Relations team consists of experts from a wide range of technology roles including Software Engineers, Data Scientists and Engineers, Machine Learning Scientists, DevOps Engineers, etc who combine their domain expertise with a desire to help Google Cloud build products and solutions that are critical to their own communities and that solve their problems in simple, scalable and innovative ways.    As a Developer Advocate for DevOps, you'll participate in, and advocate to/on behalf of external tech communities and drive awareness and help build better products and experiences through feedback, sentiment and input into design processes.    Responsibilities  Create momentum and drive the success of Google Cloud Platform through your knowledge of, and interactions with, key third-party technical communities.  Advocate Google Cloud products in-person and online through activities including presenting at conferences, blogging, creating videos and writing technical tutorials.  Advocate internally and influence Google Cloud product strategy by working with Product Management, Engineering, PR, Marketing, Business Development and other cross-functional teams.  Work with Product, Engineering and Marketing teams to define product strategies, craft narratives and build demos around new and existing products and features.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Experience in Cloud Computing.  Experience in Software Development.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience developing or delivering software, including coding experience in one or more of the following languages: Java, Python, C#, Go, JavaScript, Ruby, PHP, Swift or C/C++.   3 years of experience in one or more of the following areas:  DevOps, Cloud Native, Cloud Native Ops, SRE, Continuous Delivery, Networking, Config Management, Infrastructure as Code, Operations, IT Admin, Software Automation.  Have an interest in advocating on behalf of the technology communities that you identify with, and, working with those communities to solve their problems using Google technologies.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work hand-in-hand with SMB and Sales Development functions to explore opportunities from the technical perspective, and collaboratively qualify the opportunity.  Take responsibility for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing customer meetings, providing product demonstrations and briefing customer executives.  Work hands-on with Google Cloud products to demonstrate integrations in customer environments.  Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Cloud value proposition using techniques to include slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers and documents.  Make recommendations on integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution providing best practice advice to customers to optimize Google Cloud effectiveness.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience serving in the capacity of a Technical Sales Engineer in a cloud computing environment, or in a customer facing role in a Professional Services or Systems Engineering capacity.  Experience working within the technology and cloud computing market.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with data, information management and databases - relating to Big Data trends and issues within businesses.  Experience working with software development platforms and solutions such as J2EE, Java servlets, JavaScript, Python, Go, PHP, ASP, CGI and Ajax.  Technical experience of web/internet related technologies, architecture across SaaS/PaaS/IaaS and competitive cloud productivity suites.  Knowledge of Linux, Web 2.0 development platforms, solutions, and related technologies (HTTP, Basic/NTLM, sessions, XML/XSLT/XHTML/HTML), understanding of DNS, TCP, Firewalls, Proxy Servers, DMZ, Load Balancing, VPN, VPC).  Familiarity with architecture and operational aspects of large scale distributed systems and with the popular technologies in the machine learning/big data ecosystem (TensorFlow, Spark, etc).  Ability to speak and write in Spanish or Portuguese fluently and idiomatically.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You're a Sales Engineer with excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, search products, content/document management repository systems, and SQL-based relational databases.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team as a G Suite subject matter expert to help customers get the most out of Google’s collaboration and productivity tools. You will help existing and prospective customers understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections, and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Share in-depth G Suite expertise to support the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination and prioritization of solutions impacting customer adoption of Google Cloud.  Work with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Potentially travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience with PaaS and SaaS technologies including collaboration tools, identity and access management (IAM), and scripting.  Experience presenting with the ability to deliver a technical pitch.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field.  Experience with on-premise and cloud based mail delivery, routing, and filtering technologies.  Experience in mobile device management and relevant 3rd party integrations.  Experience with cloud security including identity and access management (IAM), SSO, OAuth and 2-step verification.  Experience with data loss prevention (DLP), retention and e-discovery technologies for email.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the Cloud/IT technology space.  As a Strategic Cloud Engineer, you will be the named Google engineer working with the most strategic cloud customers. You will ensure that the experience building and maintaining applications in Google Cloud Platform is amazing. You are responsible for rapid and accurate resolution of technical challenges, lead implementations and integration of custom features. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Cloud technical challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel regularly (up to 30%, although we also frequently use video conferencing) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.   Experience with any of the following:  distributed compute environments, application development, mobile development, big data analytics, cloud computing including virtualization, hosted services, multi tenant cloud infrastructures, storage systems and content delivery networks.  Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++, or similar.  Experience working in customer-facing technical roles.     Preferred qualifications:   Working knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI)  Hands-on experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL datastores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr)  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Hands-on experience in big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experiences in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as Hadoop, NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Tensorflow).  The Cloud Customer Engineering, Cloud Professional Services (PSO), and Cloud Technical Support teams provide technical expertise across the full Google Cloud portfolio of products in order to prove the value of, to effectively deploy, and to provide customers with ongoing support for, our technology. These teams are on the front lines of leading customers through one of the largest technological shifts in the history of the IT industry. They are the consultants and engineering gurus that help customers to understand the unique value and transformational benefits that result from applying these technologies to their business workloads.  As a part of the Google Cloud Technical Residency Program, you will have the unique opportunity to work in different Google Cloud roles under the direct mentorship of experienced staff members. The project rotations include opportunities to engage in technical solution validation, to develop scalable tools, demos and related assets, and to provide implementation, advisory and support services to Google customers across a wide spectrum of industries at varying scale. In addition to on the job development, you will undergo extensive training to prepare you to be able to add value from day one of your customer engagements.  You will also have the opportunity to develop your business and product skills by working on a range of projects, such as building tools to automate and scale business processes, mashing up and combining different Google products to create custom solutions, and providing data-driven insights for Google’s internal Sales and Product teams.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  We're on a mission to completely change the world of enterprise computing, and you'll not only have a front-row seat for the action -- you'll be helping shape and execute the strategies to help customers "go Google" for their core business.  Responsibilities  Guide customers through the entire innovation lifecycle, building strategic roadmaps and driving achievement of key milestones.  Help customers with their day-to-day challenges by delivering scalable solutions and troubleshooting their problems. Understand operational workflows, identify and define tool needs to enable operational scaling, and drive the development (initial and ongoing) and deployment of these tools.  Contribute to the design, development, and implementation of prototypes, demos, and proof-of-concept components in support of customer opportunities. Help to build creative solutions to challenging customer questions, requests for proposals (RFPs), or other obstacles encountered in customer engagements.  Collaborate and team with customer technical and implementation leads and other partners in order to manage and drive successful adoption of Google Cloud. Interact with sales/partner leads and technical stakeholders to translate complex customer requirements into recommendations for solution architectures and consulting services.  Improve product feature offerings by providing partner feedback to internal cross-functional teams, including Product Management and Engineering.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related technical subject, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in web technologies, such as HTTP, XML, HTML, CSS and JavaScript/AJAX.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Ability to travel up to 40% of the time, as required.     Preferred qualifications:   Graduating from a BS/MS program in Spring/Summer 2018.  Experience in one or more programming languages, such as Java, C++ and/or Python.  Experience in systems software and algorithms, working with Linux/Unix and APIs.  Database design and SQL Query construction experience.  Business savvy with effective customer service skills, demonstrated through project work whilst at university, internships and/or other outside interests.  Excellent organizational, problem solving, analytical and troubleshooting skills. Ability to adapt your message to the technical level of the audience and comfortable presenting technical materials to internal stakeholders.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  Our Professional Services organization brings product and implementation expertise directly to our customers, injecting passion and know-how to help them get the most out of Google Cloud.  As a Cloud Technical Account Manager (TAM), you will draw on your technical, communication and organizational skills to help customers get the most value from their Google Cloud Platform and G Suite investments. Your previous experience with enterprise infrastructure implementations, cloud platform design, Big Data solutions, and application development will play a critical part in your day to day work driving success and advocating for our most critical strategic customers. You will own all aspects of Google Cloud adoption, helping customers accelerate their journey to our platform and optimize their business and technical operations.  You will develop deep and lasting relationships with senior business executives and IT stakeholders to develop a strong understanding of their business requirements and goals. Building on this knowledge, you will own the shared strategic roadmaps to drive customer partnerships, provide technical guidance and program leadership, and facilitate customers’ digital transformation to maximize their value on Google Cloud.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Drive the customer partnership for key strategic customers. Establish executive relationships, conduct customer QBRs, advocate for customer to rapidly knock down adoption blockers, and coordinate across multiple work streams and teams to maintain customer momentum.  Own the post-sales relationship with customers to maximize value. Team with customer technical and implementation leads and partners to manage and drive successful adoption of Google Cloud.  Guide customers through the entire innovation lifecycle, building strategic roadmaps and driving achievement of key milestones. Serve as champion and advocate for business transformation, enabling teams to embrace cloud technologies.  Provide best practices and accelerated support for Google Cloud Platform and G Suite Solutions. Develop best practice recommendations for Google Cloud partners based on the experience gained during customer engagements.  Drive customer feedback to Google product management and engineering to ensure the best possible production experience, and assist in prioritizing product requirements by communicating customer needs and impact.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience as a customer-facing services consultant in an infrastructure and/or data systems environment.  Experience working with a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team and customer base.  Ability to travel (domestically and internationally) up to 30% of the time.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working with channel partners, systems integrators and third party developers to deliver solutions.  Experience in application/workload migration to the Google Cloud Platform or similar services  Experience in cloud operations - technical support or operations (e.g capacity planning, product release management, etc).   Background in 2 of the following areas:  data center infrastructure, operating systems, networking, security, system administration, service management modernization, and/or data architecture.  Ability to present technical materials effectively to diverse stakeholder groups and to engage effectively with senior executives of large enterprises on both technical and non-technical matters.  Excellent written, communication, project management and stakeholder management skills, with a focus on translating business requirements into technology solutions.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Training Solutions Consultant, you'll partner with our field organizations, in particular Professional Services and Sales, to enable them to have conversations with their customers around training. You will also implement best practices and support self-service tools and assets to ensure our customers have full knowledge of our training offerings.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create and maintain resources and tools with up to date information on training offerings.  Support our Professional Services and Sales teams in conducting training needs analysis conversations with their customers and build out a tailored Learning Plan.  Work closely with the Curriculum Development team to ensure you have full visibility of the training roadmap and communicate this to our external authorized trainers and training partners.  Advise the Marketing, Sales Enablement, Partner teams and Training Business leads on specific trainings to support new initiatives.  Support external trainer evaluations and internal training presentations.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working in a customer-facing role focused on cloud based technical solutions.  Experience in supporting teams with their conversations with customers on training.  Ability to travel up to 25% of the time, as required.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working in a role that involved building out technical training or learning plans.  Ability to work cross-functionally in a fast-paced environment.  Excellent written or oral communication skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google Play services is an Android API platform that provides Android developers access to the power of Google services, and is automatically distributed to most Android devices. We work with teams from many project areas to make their technology available to Android developers to help them develop mobile applications. The work is split between advising teams on the most efficient way to deliver APIs to mobile devices, and building out infrastructure to support regular launches to devices.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and enhance software solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years work experience including programming experience in C/C++, Java and/or Python.  Experience on mobile platforms within Linux, Windows and Mac environments.     Preferred qualifications:   Demonstrated ability to work with data structures, algorithms and software design optimized for embedded systems.   Expertise or strong interest in the following areas:  performance debugging and optimization of complex workloads, design of performance tools, compiler design and code optimization, high-performance software development techniques, concurrent programming, and/or multi-core computer architectures.  Android SDK knowledge.  Understanding of Android platform and Google Play Services.  Understanding of Android operating system  Experience in API design, performance optimization, client architecture, or tools, in the mobile space.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  As a Technical Account Manager (TAM) for Google Cloud, you will be responsible for ensuring customers get the most value from their Google Cloud Platform and G Suite investments. You'll develop relationships, both internally and externally, connect with business executives and IT stakeholders to develop an understanding of their business requirements and goals. Building on this knowledge, you will develop a strategic roadmap and facilitate customers’ digital transformation and migration to Google Cloud Platform and G Suite solutions. As the primary contact, you will manage ongoing transformation activities and ensure the long term success of the account. TAMs are seen as trusted technical advisors who understand enterprise IT’s strategic and architectural challenges, and are able to engage directly with executives, architects and developers at our partners and large enterprise customers.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Drive the customer partnership for key strategic customers. Establish executive relationships, conduct customer QBRs, advocate for customer to rapidly knock down adoption blockers, and coordinate across multiple work streams and teams to maintain customer momentum.  Own the post-sales relationship with customers to maximize value. Team with customer technical and implementation leads and partners to manage and drive successful adoption of Google Cloud.  Guide customers through the entire innovation lifecycle, building strategic roadmaps and driving achievement of key milestones. Serve as champion and advocate for business transformation, enabling teams to embrace cloud technologies.  Provide best practices and accelerated support for Google Cloud Platform and G Suite Solutions. Develop best practice recommendations for Google Cloud partners based on the experience gained during customer engagements.  Drive customer feedback to Google product management and engineering to ensure the best possible production experience, and assist in prioritizing product requirements by communicating customer needs and impact.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience in a healthcare or life sciences company or consulting firm in an infrastructure and/or data systems environment with knowledge of healthcare industry regulations/policies for cloud-based technical solutions.  Experience working with a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team and customer base.  Ability to travel up to 30% of the time.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in application/workload migration to Amazon Web Services, Azure or Google Cloud Platform.  Experience in working with channel partners, system integrators and third party developers to deliver solutions.  Demonstrated ability to present technical materials to diverse stakeholder groups and to engage with executives on both technical and non-technical matters.  Experience in cloud operations - technical support or operations (e.g. capacity planning, product release management, etc.)   Background in at least 2 of the following areas:  data center infrastructure, operating systems, networking, security, system administration, service management modernization, and/or data architecture.  Excellent stakeholder, project management and communication skills.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You have proven experience coaching and mentoring others, excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, software development cycle and SQL-based relational databases. Your expertise and presentation skills will be on display as you engage with partners to understand their business and technical requirements, and persuasively present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with Partner Development Managers and Partner Sales Managers to develop our Google Cloud ecosystem. You will help prospective partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business – all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers – developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies – see the benefits of our technology come to life.  From startups building their first app to billion-user consumer companies crunching big data, the Google Cloud Platform gives developers and businesses the most advanced data and analytics solution on the market, along with Google's secure, high performance infrastructure. Our team of technical account managers and software engineers work with partners across all functions to develop solutions that harness Google's planet-wide platform to solve the world's most challenging problems.  Responsibilities  Work with partner managers to identify and qualify partnership opportunities  Own the technical relationship with Google’s partners, empowering them on managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Work with partners to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to partner sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a Technical Sales Engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer and/or partner-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services, solutions architect or systems engineering team).  Experience with cloud computing concepts such as Big Data, PaaS and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Experience leading teams with a strong focus on coaching and mentoring.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - relating to big data trends and challenges within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand and work with new and emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Technical Solutions Engineer, you will combine software development, networking, and systems administration expertise with an aptitude for technical advising, troubleshooting and analysis. You will work across multiple customer-facing teams to improve the product's vision and to make global businesses and organizations successful. You are a technical solutions expert, helping Googlers and customers approach and resolve technology problems and design Google-scale services. Engineering great support with our Cloud TSE team  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Diagnose and resolve customer problems for Google Cloud Platform products; Engineer and implement new operations, productivity and investigation tools to increase efficiency for Technical Solutions Engineering.  Act as a consultant and subject matter expert for Product Managers, Software Engineering teams, Sales Engineers, Site Reliability Engineers, and Strategic Customer Engineers to resolve technical deployment obstacles and improve the product's vision.  Obtain and maintain an in-depth understanding of Google's product technology and underlying hardware and software architectures, to build in-product self-service solutions.  Work closely with multiple Product Management and Software Engineering teams on understanding ways to improve the product, and interact with our Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) teams to drive production excellence.  Be an advocate for our customers in representing their issues to Product Management and Software Engineering and develop innovative ways to resolve issues.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of industry experience in technical support, professional services, engineering, sustaining engineering or systems engineering.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL database administration, Google App Engine, cloud networking solutions and/or distributed computing technology.  Experience developing web applications with Python, Go or Java.  Strong network administration and troubleshooting skills; good understanding of Linux system administration.  Strong understanding of web development protocols (i.e. HTML5, AJAX, XML, JSON, RFCs 2109/2965, 1945/2616).  Understanding of Unix/Linux or Windows systems from kernel to shell and beyond, taking in system libraries, file systems and client-server protocols along the way.  Outstanding account management, follow-through, resourcefulness, attention to detail and verbal and written communication skills.  As a Strategic Cloud Engineer, you will be the named Google engineer working with the most strategic cloud customers. You will ensure that the experience building and maintaining applications in Google Cloud Platform is amazing. You are responsible for rapid and accurate resolution of technical challenges, lead implementations and integration of custom features. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Cloud technical challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel regularly (up to 30%, although we also frequently use video conferencing) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.   Experience with any of the following:  distributed compute environments, application development, mobile development, big data analytics, cloud computing including virtualization, hosted services, multi tenant cloud infrastructures, storage systems and content delivery networks.  Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++, or similar.  Experience working in customer-facing technical roles.     Preferred qualifications:   Working knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI)  Hands-on experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL datastores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr)  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Hands-on experience in big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experiences in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as Hadoop, NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Tensorflow).  As a Machine Learning Cloud Consultant, you will work directly with Google’s most strategic customers on critical projects to help them transform their businesses. You will help our customers understand how Google’s products can be used to support a wide range of data analytics and machine learning workloads. You will provide management, consulting and technical horsepower to customer engagements while working with client executives and key technical leaders to deploy solutions via Google’s Cloud Platform.  You'll also work closely with key Google partners currently servicing top accounts to manage programs, deliver consulting services, and provide technical guidance and best practice expertise.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Interact with sales/partner leads and technical stakeholders to translate complex customer requirements into recommendations for appropriate solution architectures and consulting services.  Participate in technical and design discussions with technical executives, acting to speed adoption and ensure best practices during implementation.  Provide a point of escalation for customer inquiries and serve as the first point of contact to Google for consulting services.  Work with customer technical leads, client executives, and partners to manage and deliver successful migrations to cloud solutions.  Work closely with practice areas, product and engineering to package best practices and lessons learned into thought leadership, methodologies and product strategy.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a technical or engineering field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.   Experience with one or more of the following:  machine learning, recommendation systems, natural language processing, computer vision, pattern recognition, or artificial intelligence.  Experience with one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Java, or C/C++, R.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience  Experience in a statistical programming language like R or Python and applied machine learning techniques (i.e. dimensionality reduction strategies, classification, and natural language processing frameworks).  Experience designing and deploying with one or more the following technologies: Tensor Flow, Spark ML, CNTK, Torch, Caffe  Systems design experience with ability to architect and explain data analytics pipelines and data flows.  Strong cross-functional project management, communication, and stakeholder management skills. Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills, with a focus on translating business requirements into technology solutions.   Please note:  Telecommute options for this role are available in Philadelphia.     Note:  By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Atlanta, GA, USA; Philadelphia, PA, USA; Reston, VA, USA     ResponsibilitiesMinimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience in a Field Sales capacity in the technology industry working with enterprise software.     Preferred qualifications:   10 years of experience providing Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) or Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) solutions.  Experience working with CRM systems such as Salesforce. Experience in Technical and/or Sales Engineering in Computer Science or Information Systems.  Demonstrated ability to communicate about PaaS or IaaS and perform basic technical operations.  Ability to build influential relationships and deliver results in a cross-functional environment.  Ability to effectively operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, dynamic team environment.  Effective communication, presentation and analytical skills.  Qualifications    The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Field Sales Representative, you'll present Google's portfolio to companies, and handle complex customer and stakeholder relationships.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.   Remote locations may be available in the following states:  Alaska, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio or Wisconsin  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You're a Sales Engineer with excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, search products, content/document management repository systems, and SQL-based relational databases.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Own the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources.  Work hands-on with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - especially as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You have proven experience coaching and mentoring others, excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, software development cycle and SQL-based relational databases. Your expertise and presentation skills will be on display as you engage with partners to understand their business and technical requirements, and persuasively present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with Partner Development Managers and Partner Sales Managers to develop our Google Cloud ecosystem. You will help prospective partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business – all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers – developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies – see the benefits of our technology come to life.  From startups building their first app to billion-user consumer companies crunching big data, the Google Cloud Platform gives developers and businesses the most advanced data and analytics solution on the market, along with Google's secure, high performance infrastructure. Our team of technical account managers and software engineers work with partners across all functions to develop solutions that harness Google's planet-wide platform to solve the world's most challenging problems.  Responsibilities  Work with partner managers to identify and qualify partnership opportunities  Own the technical relationship with Google’s partners, empowering them on managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Work with partners to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to partner sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a Technical Sales Engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer and/or partner-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services, solutions architect or systems engineering team).  Experience with cloud computing concepts such as Big Data, PaaS and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Experience leading teams with a strong focus on coaching and mentoring.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - relating to big data trends and challenges within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand and work with new and emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  You can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique hybrid role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of stakeholders, creating visual displays of quantitative information.  Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Help Google to focus on key decisions to improve products and services.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.)  Experience with articulating product questions, pulling data from datasets (SQL) and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS or Master's degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences)  Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and design of ETL flows  Work experience in an inter-disciplinary/cross-functional field.  Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and impeccable business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations. Strong written and verbal communication skills.  At Google, data drives all of our decision-making, and our HR organization is no exception. The People Analytics team acts as an internal innovation lab, using analytical approaches to make sure Google continues to be a great place to work. The team provides critical support to the business around issues of organizational health and is responsible for not just taking the pulse of our Googlers, but harnessing Googler feedback to drive change for the better. As an analyst you'll be detail-oriented and conscientious, analytical and curious. You're a strong problem-solver, who uses both quantitative and qualitative methods to get things done. And on top of it all, you're someone who wonders "What if?" and then seeks out the solution.  As a People Analyst, you will play an important role in helping our global HR team address the POps (People Operations) related data and analytical needs of their teams and clients across the globe. You will serve as the single interface to People Partners to provide analytical answers to their questions about people and organizations. Your knowledge of people data and business context will enable you to provide action-oriented analyses to ensure our HR organization, and their clients, are well-informed and able to make thoughtful, data-driven decisions.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Build strong relationships and collaborate with teammates, business leaders, HR clients, and HR application engineers to solve organizational problems and empower organizations with high quality data.  Architect, develop and automate data and analytics solutions, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale.  Manipulate and analyze large data sets to distill insights from data and connect disparate ideas into cohesive, well-grounded recommendations using creative, structured and analytical thinking. Create effective, scalable, and easy to understand reporting solutions (e.g. dashboards).  Use analytical reasoning to identify problems and develop hypotheses, often recommending a data product that addresses client’s/stakeholder’s needs.  Prioritize work to manage multiple workstreams, high pressure situations, and new information.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Economics, Statistics, Finance, Social Science, Psychology, or any related fields (i.e. Mathematics, Engineering), or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience working with senior executives in client-facing, consulting role  Experience using SQL, Python or other data or scripting language. Experience building and maintaining a solution to collect, store, and organize data to address client needs.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience collaborating on projects involving multiple teams, managing an ongoing relationship with client, and presenting to audiences.  Experience using quantitative and qualitative analytical strategies and working with multiple data sources to generate insights from analyses, answering questions or creating solutions, and manipulating data to measure the effectiveness of programs, interventions, and efforts for an organization.  Experience using data visualization (e.g., tables, charts, graphs); Experience with conducting research using basic statistics (e.g., correlations, t-tests, regressions).  Experience forming testable statements generated from inductive reasoning that can be verified via statistical and analytical means.  Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured environment, and comfortable dealing with ambiguity.  Excellent communications skills and solutions, and client service-oriented with an emphasis on creativity and diligence.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  Google Express aims to revolutionize shopping by offering fast and cheap delivery of merchant products to your door. Google Express is our company's vehicle to revolutionize this space and be a principal driver of commerce. We bring home-delivery nationwide shipping from stores from various merchants across the country. The Growth team is an integral part of Google Express, responsible for driving GMV growth on the platform.  You will be part of the Growth analytics team that is responsible for identifying growth trends and assessing key growth drivers. In this role, you will deliver actionable insights to key stakeholders in Growth and cross-functional teams including Product, Marketing and Engineering to help develop and prioritize projects that lead to growth through greater customer reach, engagement and retention.  Users come first at Google. Nowhere is this more important than on our Advertising &amp; Commerce team: we believe that ads and commercial information can be highly useful to our users if, and only if, that information is relevant to what our users wish to find or do. Advertisers worldwide use AdWords to promote their products; publishers use AdSense to serve relevant ads on their website; and business around the world use our products (like Google Shopping, and Google Wallet) to support their online businesses and bring users into their offline stores. We build and maintain the platforms that have made Google what it is today, and are constantly innovating to deliver the most effective advertising and commerce opportunities of tomorrow.  Responsibilities  Identify and define the right metrics that quantify the success of product initiatives, consumer engagement and business health.  Lead analytically-driven problem-solving to develop actionable business insights and recommendations.  Drive product analytics (e.g., business cases, analytics to support Product Management/Engineering projects).  Optimize the platform (e.g., identifying opportunities based on data insights, running experiments, working with Product Management/Engineering/User Experience to define and implement optimizations).  Communicate findings and recommendations to leadership and other stakeholders.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree with an emphasis on work of a quantitative nature (Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of work experience as a Growth Analyst or in an analytical role in Growth, Marketing, Product teams.  Experience with SQL, analytical tools (Tableau, Google Analytics). Experience building quantitative and statistical models in R, Python working with databases.  Experience with statistical concepts to support A/B experimentation, analysis of results and deriving statistical learnings.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's/PhD degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics).  Similar work experience at an online consumer business (e.g., e-commerce, payments).  Experience in identifying business opportunities and defining and measuring success of proposed initiatives.  Consulting or project/program management experience. Ability to handle multiple projects and assignments under time pressure.  Excellent communication skills along with the ability to manage multiple and diverse stakeholders across businesses and leadership levels.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, executive speaker series, and community-building. This program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal - which requires research, awareness, interactivity, and asking questions.  From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. We focus on being a collaborative, global organization consisting of engineers who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on our core products and services as well as those who support critical functions of our engineering operations. Depending on your background and experience, you will be working in one of the following areas:  Product and Systems Development  Whether it's finding new and innovative ways to advance search quality, building computing platform and networking technologies, automating the indexing of videos, or continuing to refine and scale complex auction systems (just to name a few), you will be developing solutions to some of the most challenging technical problems out there. You will research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offerings and collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Examples of specialist domains: UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, security, embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers).  Engineering Productivity  As a Software Engineer in the Engineering Productivity organization, you'll use your software design, analysis and programming skills to create innovative automated test systems. The test team undertakes a broad range of challenges on a daily basis, designing and building intelligent systems that can explore various use cases and scenarios for distributed computing infrastructure. Just imagine trying to design and build an automated testing system for something that's never been done before.  Site Reliability  Software Engineers working in Site Reliability are involved in every facet of Google's production and work on the cutting edge of cloud-based computing. As a member of this team you are in the thick of everything involved with keeping Google running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. Software engineers on this team love to create robust and scalable software that scale to tens of millions of users. You will handle challenging, novel situations every day, and work with just about every other engineering and operations team to provide services and applications that are quintessentially Google - fast, reliable and accessible to all.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world problems.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.  Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor's or Master’s degree program in Computer Science or related technical field and returning to a full-time degree program after completion of the internship.  Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms; experience with algorithms, using data structures to solve problems, and interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Experience writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python (e.g., remove duplicate elements from a list).  Experience with linear coding and use language features when necessary (e.g., data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in 2019.  Previous tech internships or demonstrated work experience (i.e. research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.) programming in two or more of the following languages: C, C++ Java, JavaScript, or Python.  Ability to develop thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing).  Ability to manipulate code to improve system availability and latency and optimize code for stability, functionality and scalability for a segment of Google's infrastructure, service area, or within a technology domain (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Ability to isolate problems to a database subsystem.  Authorization to work in the United States.  As a Strategic Cloud Engineer, you will be the named Google engineer working with the most strategic cloud customers. You will ensure that the experience building and maintaining applications in Google Cloud Platform is amazing. You are responsible for rapid and accurate resolution of technical challenges, lead implementations and integration of custom features. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Cloud technical challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel regularly (up to 30%, although we also frequently use video conferencing) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.   Experience with any of the following:  distributed compute environments, application development, mobile development, big data analytics, cloud computing including virtualization, hosted services, multi tenant cloud infrastructures, storage systems and content delivery networks.  Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++, or similar.  Experience working in customer-facing technical roles.     Preferred qualifications:   Working knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI)  Hands-on experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL datastores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr)  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Hands-on experience in big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experiences in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as Hadoop, NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Tensorflow).   Note:  By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA  Responsibilities  Become a trusted technical advisor to customers and overcome complex implementation challenges.  Create and deliver best practice recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time in-region for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience writing scripts in one or more languages such as Python, Go and/or similar.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical consultant or advisor, or equivalent client-facing engineering or technical consulting experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with hosted services and/or multi-tenant cloud infrastructures.  Experience with email administration, routing and hygiene with industry standard products.  Understanding of common enterprise directory administration systems such as Active Directory, OpenLDAP, and/or Domino Directory.  Understanding networking fundamentals and common enterprise networking architectures.  Familiarity with IT security practices such as identity and access management, device management and data protection.  Effective customer-facing communication and presentation skills.  As a Cloud Networking and Infrastructure Engineer, you will guide customers on how to configure and deploy their Google Cloud infrastructure consisting of network architecture, application security, identity and access management, logging, monitoring, and more. You will consult with customers on how to best design, deploy and optimize their cloud network infrastructure for high availability, reliability, performance and scale. You will travel to customer sites to deploy solutions and deliver workshops to educate and empower customers. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to drive excellence in Google Cloud products and features.  In this role, you are the Engineer working with strategic Cloud customers. Together with the team, you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring and more.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Cloud Infrastructure and Networking challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel regularly (up to 30%) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with data center networking and/or cloud networking.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical consultant or advisor, or equivalent client-facing engineering or technical consulting experience.  Ability to travel.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in scalable networking design including high availability, redundancy, failover and load balancing.  Hands-on experience with one or more third-party networking products.  Network troubleshooting skills.  Understanding of networking protocols such as TCP/IP, HTTP/S and BGP.  Understanding of network security design including segmentation, encryption, logging and monitoring.  As a Cloud Application Engineer, you will work with customers to transform existing applications into cloud native applications by providing application design guidance, proposing and testing cloud native APIs, containerizing existing applications, and rewriting applications in platform as a service products like Google App Engine. You will work with customers on new application design and implementation including application scaling, reliability, and ongoing operations such as application and feature rollouts monitoring and more. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  In this role you are the Google Engineer working with Google's most strategic Cloud customers. Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted strategic technical advisor to Google’s most strategic customers.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time.  Communicate effectively via video conferencing for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience architecting, developing software, or internet scale production-grade cloud solutions in virtualized environments such as Amazon Web Services, Azure and Google Cloud Platform.  Experience writing software in one or more languages such as Java, C++, Python, Go, JavaScript, or similar.  Experience working with technical customers and relevant experience in technical consulting.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with open source server application software (like NGINX, RabbitMQ) and event driven architectures (utilizing tools such as Pub/Sub, NodeJS, Serverless).  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Experience with build and deployment automation and continuous integration systems (such as Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity).  Experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL data stores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr).  Knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI).  As a Machine Learning Cloud Consultant, you will work directly with Google’s most strategic customers on critical projects to help them transform their businesses. You will help our customers understand how Google’s products can be used to support a wide range of data analytics and machine learning workloads. You will provide management, consulting and technical horsepower to customer engagements while working with client executives and key technical leaders to deploy solutions via Google’s Cloud Platform.  You'll also work closely with key Google partners currently servicing top accounts to manage programs, deliver consulting services, and provide technical guidance and best practice expertise.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Interact with sales/partner leads and technical stakeholders to translate complex customer requirements into recommendations for appropriate solution architectures and consulting services.  Participate in technical and design discussions with technical executives, acting to speed adoption and ensure best practices during implementation.  Provide a point of escalation for customer inquiries and serve as the first point of contact to Google for consulting services.  Work with customer technical leads, client executives, and partners to manage and deliver successful migrations to cloud solutions.  Work closely with practice areas, product and engineering to package best practices and lessons learned into thought leadership, methodologies and product strategy.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a technical or engineering field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.   Experience with one or more of the following:  machine learning, recommendation systems, natural language processing, computer vision, pattern recognition, or artificial intelligence.  Experience with one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Java, or C/C++, R.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience  Experience in a statistical programming language like R or Python and applied machine learning techniques (i.e. dimensionality reduction strategies, classification, and natural language processing frameworks).  Experience designing and deploying with one or more the following technologies: Tensor Flow, Spark ML, CNTK, Torch, Caffe  Systems design experience with ability to architect and explain data analytics pipelines and data flows.  Strong cross-functional project management, communication, and stakeholder management skills. Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills, with a focus on translating business requirements into technology solutions.  As a member of the Google Cloud team, you inspire leading companies, schools, and government agencies to work smarter with Google tools like G Suite, Search, and Chrome. You advocate the innovative power of our products to make organizations more productive, collaborative, and mobile. Using your passion for Google products, you help spread the magic of Google to organizations around the world.  As a Field Sales Representative for Higher Education, you will help define the future of truly ground-breaking technology. In this role, you work to drive awareness, adoption and business of Google’s public cloud for Higher Education accounts. Given that Google Cloud Platform is a nascent business within Google, this role commands a large amount of responsibility, and you will participate actively in all aspects of building the business. In addition to Google Cloud Platform, you will work on G Suite for Education, Google Classroom, Devices and future products.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global data center and software products. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of how technology is used in Higher Education.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Build and maintain executive relationships with customers, influence long-term strategic direction, and act as a trusted advisor.  Help develop and execute strategic plans, and build targeted account plans across the Higher Education vertical (central IT administration, institutional research).  Manage multiple opportunities simultaneously, working with cross-functional teams as necessary, and serve as the primary customer contact.  Engage with Computer Science departments of universities to drive adoption of Google Cloud Platform into their teaching and learning.  Drive special initiatives aimed at increasing adoption and use of Google products (Google Cloud Platform, G Suite for Education, Classroom, Maps and Devices); Qualify and assist customers in identifying use cases suitable for Google Cloud deployment, articulate key differentiators and typical customer buying journeys.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  7 years of experience selling Infrastructure- and/or Platform-as-a-Service (IaaS and/or PaaS) products.  Experience (or Sales Engineering experience) in Computer Science or Information Systems.     Preferred qualifications:   Education or public sector experience  Experience in CRM systems integration.  Experience working on various stages of the sales process and experience leveraging channel for success.  Experience planning, presenting, and executing a territory sales strategy.  Ability to speak credibly about IaaS and PaaS, and basic technical queries.  Effective written/verbal communication/presentation skills, and strategic and analytical thinking skills.  Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.  The Multichannel Solutions (MCS) sector is responsible for managing Retail, Telecom and Consumer Goods customers. As a Doubleclick Search Account Representative (DS AR), you will be responsible for developing strategic relationships with a list of key clients and will leverage your client management, industry knowledge and product expertise to help them achieve their online search marketing objectives with best in class application of Doubleclick Search technology. You will work closely with MCS vertical owners to identify, prioritize and pursue opportunities and will partner with multiple stakeholders across Platforms and Google Technical Services.  Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.  Responsibilities  Manage client/agency relationships. Develop, drive, and renew these relationships across all levels of the organization.  Leverage your client management, industry, and product expertise to scope and understand customer strategic and tactical objectives, to best consult on the adoption of data science technology and best practice solutions to drive search marketing success.  Work closely with the Date Science vertical owners to proactively identify, prioritize, and pursue opportunities within the accounts.  Partner with cross-functional teams including Product Management, Engineering and Technical Support to drive customer communications, feature prioritization, and issue resolution to enable client success.  Act as ultimate point of escalation for the resolution of client issues, from analysis and research to coordination of resources.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of relevant experience in digital advertising.     Preferred qualifications:   Digital advertising industry experience, SEM or SEO.  Demonstrated solution-based selling experience.  Experience working with 3rd party ad serving tools.  Knowledge of DoubleClick Search.  Retail or Telecom industry knowledge.  Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills.   Remote locations may be available in the following states:  Alaska, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio or Wisconsin  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You're a Sales Engineer with excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, search products, content/document management repository systems, and SQL-based relational databases.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Own the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources.  Work hands-on with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - especially as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  Our Professional Services organization brings product and implementation expertise directly to our customers, injecting passion and know-how to help them get the most out of Google Cloud.  As a Cloud Technical Account Manager (TAM), you will draw on your technical, communication and organizational skills to help customers get the most value from their Google Cloud Platform and G Suite investments. Your previous experience with enterprise infrastructure implementations, cloud platform design, Big Data solutions, and application development will play a critical part in your day to day work driving success and advocating for our most critical strategic customers. You will own all aspects of Google Cloud adoption, helping customers accelerate their journey to our platform and optimize their business and technical operations.  You will develop deep and lasting relationships with senior business executives and IT stakeholders to develop a strong understanding of their business requirements and goals. Building on this knowledge, you will own the shared strategic roadmaps to drive customer partnerships, provide technical guidance and program leadership, and facilitate customers’ digital transformation to maximize their value on Google Cloud.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Drive the customer partnership for key strategic customers. Establish executive relationships, conduct customer QBRs, advocate for customer to rapidly knock down adoption blockers, and coordinate across multiple work streams and teams to maintain customer momentum.  Own the post-sales relationship with customers to maximize value. Team with customer technical and implementation leads and partners to manage and drive successful adoption of Google Cloud.  Guide customers through the entire innovation lifecycle, building strategic roadmaps and driving achievement of key milestones. Serve as champion and advocate for business transformation, enabling teams to embrace cloud technologies.  Provide best practices and accelerated support for Google Cloud Platform and G Suite Solutions. Develop best practice recommendations for Google Cloud partners based on the experience gained during customer engagements.  Drive customer feedback to Google product management and engineering to ensure the best possible production experience, and assist in prioritizing product requirements by communicating customer needs and impact.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience as a customer-facing services consultant in an infrastructure and/or data systems environment.  Experience working with a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team and customer base.  Ability to travel (domestically and internationally) up to 30% of the time.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working with channel partners, systems integrators and third party developers to deliver solutions.  Experience in application/workload migration to the Google Cloud Platform or similar services  Experience in cloud operations - technical support or operations (e.g capacity planning, product release management, etc).   Background in 2 of the following areas:  data center infrastructure, operating systems, networking, security, system administration, service management modernization, and/or data architecture.  Ability to present technical materials effectively to diverse stakeholder groups and to engage effectively with senior executives of large enterprises on both technical and non-technical matters.  Excellent written, communication, project management and stakeholder management skills, with a focus on translating business requirements into technology solutions.   Google Technical Services:  Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions.  The Customer Solutions Engineering team is responsible for developing innovative, cutting-edge solutions to the business challenges faced by the world’s advertisers. We work as a critical technical partner for our Sales teams where your coding abilities, communication skills, desire to solve complex problems, passion for scale and big data, and business acumen will all be leveraged to develop answers to questions most don’t even know to ask. Your solutions will take many forms, from prototypes and demonstrations to education - all with the technology resources of Google to back it up.  You'll be responsible for identifying and prioritizing assigned projects, and you'll see unique business challenges faced by advertisers. Working across the entire organization, you will have the chance to leverage your wide-ranging experience and skill-set to find the best solution for the problems at hand.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Collect requirements, provide guidance and best practices to apply advertisement products and cloud technologies to achieve advertisers' business goals.  Design and implement complex, cross-product customized solutions for clients.  Work with Sales teams to identify business opportunities leveraging DoubleClick solutions supported by Google Technical Services.  Manage technical relationships with a select client portfolio.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of technical experience, including coding in Java, Python and/or PHP, and experience with web technologies such as HTTP, HTML, XML, etc.  2 years of experience in database query construction and optimization.  Experience working in a customer facing role in Sales, Consulting or related function.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s or MBA degree in Computer Science or related field.  Experience in the online advertising industry.  Experience working with big data platforms and large volume data analytics.  Ability to construct efficient SQL queries and work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously.  Telecommute option for this role is available in Columbus, OH.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Field Sales Representative, you will bring Google's portfolio into the largest companies, and handling complex customer and stakeholder relationships comes easy to you. You champion the innovative power of our products to make organizations more productive, collaborative, and mobile. Using your passion for Google products, you help spread the magic of Google to organizations around the world.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Build and maintain executive relationships with customers, influence long-term strategic direction, and act as a trusted advisor.  Lead account strategy in generating and developing business growth opportunities, working collaboratively with Customer Engineers, and Google Partners - all to maximize business results in territory and open up opportunities with large enterprise customers.  Drive business development, forecast accurately and achieve strategic goals by leading customers through the entire business cycle.  Explore and understand complex customer requirements on both a business and technical level; Engage, educate, and ensure satisfaction of the installed base.  Manage multiple opportunities through the entire cycle simultaneously, working with cross-functional teams as necessary, and serve as the primary customer contact for all adoption-related activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of field sales experience in the technology industry selling enterprise software.     Preferred qualifications:   10 years of experience selling IaaS or PaaS with a demonstrated track record in reaching and exceeding sales goals in the technology industry. Experience using CRM system such as Salesforce.com.  Technical or sales engineering experience in Computer Science or Information Systems  Demonstrable ability to speak credibly about platform- and infrastructure-as-a-service, and perform basic technical qualification  Ability to build influential relationships and deliver results in a cross-functional/matrixed environment.  Excellent written/verbal communication/presentation skills, and strong strategic and analytical thinking skills, with the ability to plan, pitch, and execute a territory sales strategy  Ability to effectively operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  As a Technical Account Manager (TAM) for Google Cloud, you will be responsible for ensuring customers get the most value from their Google Cloud Platform and G Suite investments. You'll develop relationships, both internally and externally, connect with business executives and IT stakeholders to develop an understanding of their business requirements and goals. Building on this knowledge, you will develop a strategic roadmap and facilitate customers’ digital transformation and migration to Google Cloud Platform and G Suite solutions. As the primary contact, you will manage ongoing transformation activities and ensure the long term success of the account. TAMs are seen as trusted technical advisors who understand enterprise IT’s strategic and architectural challenges, and are able to engage directly with executives, architects and developers at our partners and large enterprise customers.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Drive the customer partnership for key strategic customers. Establish executive relationships, conduct customer QBRs, advocate for customer to rapidly knock down adoption blockers, and coordinate across multiple work streams and teams to maintain customer momentum.  Own the post-sales relationship with customers to maximize value. Team with customer technical and implementation leads and partners to manage and drive successful adoption of Google Cloud.  Guide customers through the entire innovation lifecycle, building strategic roadmaps and driving achievement of key milestones. Serve as champion and advocate for business transformation, enabling teams to embrace cloud technologies.  Provide best practices and accelerated support for Google Cloud Platform and G Suite Solutions. Develop best practice recommendations for Google Cloud partners based on the experience gained during customer engagements.  Drive customer feedback to Google product management and engineering to ensure the best possible production experience, and assist in prioritizing product requirements by communicating customer needs and impact.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience in a healthcare or life sciences company or consulting firm in an infrastructure and/or data systems environment with knowledge of healthcare industry regulations/policies for cloud-based technical solutions.  Experience working with a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team and customer base.  Ability to travel up to 30% of the time.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in application/workload migration to Amazon Web Services, Azure or Google Cloud Platform.  Experience in working with channel partners, system integrators and third party developers to deliver solutions.  Demonstrated ability to present technical materials to diverse stakeholder groups and to engage with executives on both technical and non-technical matters.  Experience in cloud operations - technical support or operations (e.g. capacity planning, product release management, etc.)   Background in at least 2 of the following areas:  data center infrastructure, operating systems, networking, security, system administration, service management modernization, and/or data architecture.  Excellent stakeholder, project management and communication skills.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You have proven experience coaching and mentoring others, excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, software development cycle and SQL-based relational databases. Your expertise and presentation skills will be on display as you engage with partners to understand their business and technical requirements, and persuasively present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with Partner Development Managers and Partner Sales Managers to develop our Google Cloud ecosystem. You will help prospective partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business – all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers – developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies – see the benefits of our technology come to life.  From startups building their first app to billion-user consumer companies crunching big data, the Google Cloud Platform gives developers and businesses the most advanced data and analytics solution on the market, along with Google's secure, high performance infrastructure. Our team of technical account managers and software engineers work with partners across all functions to develop solutions that harness Google's planet-wide platform to solve the world's most challenging problems.  Responsibilities  Work with partner managers to identify and qualify partnership opportunities  Own the technical relationship with Google’s partners, empowering them on managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Work with partners to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to partner sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a Technical Sales Engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer and/or partner-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services, solutions architect or systems engineering team).  Experience with cloud computing concepts such as Big Data, PaaS and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Experience leading teams with a strong focus on coaching and mentoring.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - relating to big data trends and challenges within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand and work with new and emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.   Google Technical Services:  Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions.  The Customer Solutions Engineering team is responsible for developing innovative, cutting-edge solutions to the business problems faced by the world’s largest advertisers. We work as a critical technical partner for our sales teams where your coding abilities, communication skills, desire to solve complex problems, passion for scale and big data, and business acumen will all be leveraged to develop answers to questions most don’t even know to ask. Your solutions will take many forms, from prototypes and demos to education - all with the technology resources of Google to back it up.  You will be responsible for identifying and prioritizing your own projects. You will see the unique business challenges faced by our largest advertisers, and you will be given the opportunity to develop solutions no one else has. Working across the entire organization, you will have the chance to leverage your wide-ranging experience and skill-set to find the best solution for the problems at hand. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset and enjoy wearing many hats, we want to talk to you.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Manage technical relationships with a select client portfolio.  Work with Sales to identify business opportunities leveraging both display and performance solutions supported by Google Technical Services.  Collect requirements, provide guidance and best practices to apply ad products and technologies to achieve advertisers' business goals.  Design and implement complex, cross-product customized solutions with the client.  Be responsible for end-to-end implementations and escalations handled by other Google teams for named accounts.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years programming experience in Python, Java, or PHP.  2 years of experience with web technologies such as HTTP, HTML, XML, etc.  Customer-facing experience in sales, sales engineering, consulting or related function.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or MBA degree.  Experience in online advertising industry.  Experience with big data platforms and large volume data analytics.  Ability to construct complex yet efficient SQL queries. Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.   Experience working with two or more from the following:  web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.  Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience developing accessible technologies.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Training Solutions Consultant, you'll partner with our field organizations, in particular Professional Services and Sales, to enable them to have conversations with their customers around training. You will also implement best practices and support self-service tools and assets to ensure our customers have full knowledge of our training offerings.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create and maintain resources and tools with up to date information on training offerings.  Support our Professional Services and Sales teams in conducting training needs analysis conversations with their customers and build out a tailored Learning Plan.  Work closely with the Curriculum Development team to ensure you have full visibility of the training roadmap and communicate this to our external authorized trainers and training partners.  Advise the Marketing, Sales Enablement, Partner teams and Training Business leads on specific trainings to support new initiatives.  Support external trainer evaluations and internal training presentations.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working in a customer-facing role focused on cloud based technical solutions.  Experience in supporting teams with their conversations with customers on training.  Ability to travel up to 25% of the time, as required.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working in a role that involved building out technical training or learning plans.  Ability to work cross-functionally in a fast-paced environment.  Excellent written or oral communication skills.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, executive speaker series, and community-building. This program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal - which requires research, awareness, interactivity, and asking questions.  From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. We focus on being a collaborative, global organization consisting of engineers who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on our core products and services as well as those who support critical functions of our engineering operations. Depending on your background and experience, you will be working in one of the following areas:  Product and Systems Development  Whether it's finding new and innovative ways to advance search quality, building computing platform and networking technologies, automating the indexing of videos, or continuing to refine and scale complex auction systems (just to name a few), you will be developing solutions to some of the most challenging technical problems out there. You will research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offerings and collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Examples of specialist domains: UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, security, embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers).  Engineering Productivity  As a Software Engineer in the Engineering Productivity organization, you'll use your software design, analysis and programming skills to create innovative automated test systems. The test team undertakes a broad range of challenges on a daily basis, designing and building intelligent systems that can explore various use cases and scenarios for distributed computing infrastructure. Just imagine trying to design and build an automated testing system for something that's never been done before.  Site Reliability  Software Engineers working in Site Reliability are involved in every facet of Google's production and work on the cutting edge of cloud-based computing. As a member of this team you are in the thick of everything involved with keeping Google running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. Software engineers on this team love to create robust and scalable software that scale to tens of millions of users. You will handle challenging, novel situations every day, and work with just about every other engineering and operations team to provide services and applications that are quintessentially Google - fast, reliable and accessible to all.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world problems.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.  Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor's or Master’s degree program in Computer Science or related technical field and returning to a full-time degree program after completion of the internship.  Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms; experience with algorithms, using data structures to solve problems, and interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Experience writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python (e.g., remove duplicate elements from a list).  Experience with linear coding and use language features when necessary (e.g., data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in 2019.  Previous tech internships or demonstrated work experience (i.e. research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.) programming in two or more of the following languages: C, C++ Java, JavaScript, or Python.  Ability to develop thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing).  Ability to manipulate code to improve system availability and latency and optimize code for stability, functionality and scalability for a segment of Google's infrastructure, service area, or within a technology domain (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Ability to isolate problems to a database subsystem.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large-scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of work or educational experience in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence.  1 year of relevant work experience in software development.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python     Preferred qualifications:    Experience with one or more of the following:  Natural Language Processing, text understanding, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of relevant work experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.   Experience working with two or more from the following:  web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other related technical field.  4 years of relevant work experience in software development.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  Our Analytics and Data Science team are responsible for all data needs of Google Suite support services, a large global support team supporting millions of Google Suite customers around the globe. We understand the business, produce actionable insights from support, create solutions to make the organization more data driven and apply machine learning to drive automation.  As a Data Scientist, you will use your knowledge of data analysis, machine learning, technical systems, and project management skills to enhance our existing business intelligence platform. Close collaboration with stakeholders from technical solutions engineering, vendor operations, and other stakeholders will enable you to implement model-based solutions and measure the effectiveness of programs. You will support the business with insights for better decision making, driving operational efficiency, and program performance.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create, design and maintain reusable datasets with appropriate architecture to deal with a high level of data input complexity.  Provide analytical decision making support for key projects. Research new ways of modeling data to unlock actionable insights or improve processes.  Employ predictive analytics and/or machine learning to facilitate a large, global, 24/7 support operation.  Partner with non-technical stakeholders to understand their analytical needs, help define the problem by asking the right questions, document and prioritize requirements. Communicate results of complex technical work.  Contribute to the development of the analytical frameworks, tools, skills and culture for the team and the wider organisation.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   3 years of experience as a data scientist, analyst or in an analytical role.  Experience working with SQL and multiple large datasets.  Experience in applying statistical and machine learning methods to solve real-world problems.  Experience designing data models and defining systems data collection requirements.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA/MS/MA/PhD degree with a quantitative focus (economics, computer science, mathematics, physics, engineering, statistics, or accounting).  Experience in statistical analysis using Python, R etc.  Familiarity with Machine Learning libraries (e.g. TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, Keras, etc).  Developed oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience.  Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.  Google BrandLab provides Google’s top partners with an accelerator program that delivers data-driven solutions to solve their critical brand campaign challenges and advance their digital video strategies. The Unskippable Experiments team provides breakthrough creative effectiveness, using a collaborative experimentation approach that uncovers innovative creative approaches for video ads grounded in data.  You will provide the data and analytical rigor for both teams, in their shared mission to drive excellence in digital video strategy and execution for our top advertising partners. The team’s programs and experiments are focussed on developing hypotheses, custom creative and/or media recommendations and testing these via rapid and innovative tests.  Our Global Clients &amp; Agency Solutions team helps serve some of the world's largest brands. Our dedicated teams of marketing and advertising specialists use their unique skill sets to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We aspire to advise our clients on all aspects of their online business strategy. Using Google's broad range of products, we help our clients connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.  Responsibilities  Shape and deliver deep data insights that advances the recommendations and broader thought leadership to our clients to accelerate their online video marketing strategies.  Manipulate and analyze multiple datasets to test and identify the impact of various creative and media factors (i.e. creative comparisons, multi-asset x multi-cell, media sequencing). Leverage Google’s data, research and measurement solutions, and 3rd party data and analysis techniques to develop innovative methodologies to uncover new outcomes.  Learn about new data sets, and shaping the data to be accessible for the team (i.e. dashboards) and present internally/externally. Comfortable navigating other global/regional teams who are working on creative/media effectiveness to unlock new opportunities and share learnings.  Develop an in-depth understanding of the BrandLab Acceleration Program (BLAP) and Unskippable Experiments experiences. This will give you the opportunity to collaborate with the team in the prep, planning and execution of each of the team’s service offer.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Science, Data Science or a similar field of study or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with factors that are driving the evolution of the digital landscape (Mobile, Programmatic, Measurement etc) for brand marketers.  Experience analyzing advertising and media data, extracting transformative insights to move an advertisers business and building scalable solutions through dashboards and automating analyses.  Experience with programming languages (Java, Python, JavaScript), SQL and data tools ecosystem, Google Cloud Platform (including App Engine, Compute Engine, BigQuery).     Preferred qualifications:   6 years of total work experience, with 4 years in a data-centric leadership role managing complex data strategy and cross-functional projects with hands-on experience with digital data.  Deep experience in testing creative and/or media and campaign strategies for advertising clients.  Experience presenting to senior-level clients and know how to capture their attention and expand their thinking.  Proven analytic capabilities around business and brand campaign challenges and opportunities, with the ability to make strategic recommendations to strengthen their digital video strategies.  Proven success in high productivity environments and an ability to work efficiently and manage multiple projects and stakeholders at the same time. Proven ability to work cooperatively and proactively with teams inside and outside Google.  Ability to speak marketer’s language and present data in a compelling way, and make complex data sets/concepts simple to understand.  As a Cloud Data Engineer, you will guide customers on how to ingest, store, process, analyze and explore/visualize data on the Google Cloud Platform. You will work on data migrations and transformational projects, and with customers to design large-scale data processing systems, develop data pipelines optimized for scaling, and troubleshoot potential platform issues.  In this role you are the Google Engineer working with Google's most strategic Cloud customers. Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring and much more.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Act as a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Big Data challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time.  Communicate effectively via video conferencing for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with data processing software (such as Hadoop, Spark, Pig, Hive) and with data processing algorithms (MapReduce, Flume).  Experience working with technical customers.  Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, C++, Python, Go and/or JavaScript.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working data warehouses, including data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ELT and reporting/analytic tools and environments.  Experience in technical consulting.  Experience architecting, developing software, or internet scale production-grade Big Data solutions in virtualized environments such as Amazon Web Services, Azure and Google Cloud Platform.  Experience working with big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experience in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as NoSQL, MongoDB, SparkML, Tensorflow).  Research in machine intelligence has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google Research &amp; Machine Intelligence teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning (including Deep Learning approaches like Google Brain) and Natural Language Understanding.  We’ve already been joined by some of the best minds, and we’re looking for talented Research Scientists that have applied experience in the fields of Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Machine Intelligence to join our team.  We do research differently here at Google. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in machine perception, data mining, machine learning, and natural language understanding. You stay connected to your research roots as an active contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and Research and Machine Intelligence teams have a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++ and/or Python.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Contribution to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including experience working within the industry or as a researcher in a lab.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Strong publication record.  We follow a simple but vital premise in the User Experience group: "Focus on the user and all else will follow." We're ardently interested in our users and strive to learn everything we can about their behaviors, attitudes and emotions to help define the products and experiences we create. The User Experience team is a critical driving force behind gathering these insights and then using them to inspire and inform design. We are a multi-disciplinary team of interaction designers, visual designers, user researchers, copywriters and Web developers who collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create innovative, usable, great-looking products that people love to use.  UX Researchers learn what people need and want from our products and services and evaluate user experience. As a UX Researcher, you conduct independent research, analyze real user behavior and work with User Experience Designers, Products Managers, and Engineers to improve our product features and develop new ones. Your work spans across all of Google's products, and you are encouraged to identify new opportunities for user experience improvements. We strive to connect users to the magic of our products, and your job is to make that connection intuitive and accessible.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design and conduct user studies to gauge the usability of new and existing Google features.  Make concrete, data-driven recommendations for change based on your findings.  Communicate with team members throughout the process.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in human computer interaction, cognitive psychology, information science, statistics, data science, or a related field, and graduating in 2018, 2019 or 2020.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after completion of the internship.  Experience conducting user research.  Authorization to work in the United States.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a MS or PhD in human computer interaction, cognitive psychology, information science, statistics, data science, or a related field, and graduating in 2018, 2019 or 2020.  Relevant work/project experience in an applied research setting including but not limited to integrating user research into product designs and design practices.  Knowledge of statistics and the principles of experiment design.  Strong understanding of strengths and shortcomings of different research methods, including when and how to apply them during each product phase.  Excellent analytical, interpersonal, communication, negotiation and collaboration skills.  As a User Experience (UX) writer, you are an advocate for Google design, working to shape product experiences by creating useful, meaningful text that helps users complete the task at hand. You help set the vision for content and drive cohesive product narratives across multiple platforms and touchpoints. As a stellar writer, you have a portfolio of work which demonstrates content that simplifies and beautifies the overall user experience.  You work with people in a variety of UX design-related jobs including researchers, product managers, engineers, and marketing and customer operations personnel. Collaborating with each, you strive to establish cohesive language and a unified voice across products and platforms. You regularly use empathy, logic, and hard data to inform content choices, and are an expert in your product. You provide content recommendations that include the right words and sometimes complementary data and images.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Write clear, concise user-interface text for products.  Develop a vision for product content across a given domain. Ensure tactical execution to drive cohesive product narratives across all digital touch points within the product (and work with marketing and operations on touch points outside the product).  Collaborate with designers, researchers, prototypers, product managers, and engineers to define requirements.  Develop concepts for early stage products. Provide data-informed insights to improve existing experiences.  Help coordinate translations, improve writing tools and processes, format documents, and generally assist as needed to produce world-class software and hardware products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a BA/BS degree in English, Literature, Communication, Journalism, Science Writing, Creative Writing, Digital Humanities, HCI or a related field, and graduating in winter 2018, 2019, or 2020.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after completion of the internship.  Authorization to work in the United States.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a MS degree program in English, Literature, Communication, Journalism, Science Writing, Creative Writing, Digital Humanities, HCI or a related field, and graduating in winter 2018, 2019, or 2020.  Relevant work experience, or personal project experience outside the classroom in technical writing, UX writing, fact-checking, copywriting or content/creative strategy.  Knowledge of online technology and related technology and products.  Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment.  Analytical, creative and visual thinker with excellent communication skills, both verbal and visual as well as effective writing, editing, and project management skills.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services—from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl or Ruby.     Preferred qualifications:   Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You have proven experience coaching and mentoring others, excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, software development cycle and SQL-based relational databases. Your expertise and presentation skills will be on display as you engage with partners to understand their business and technical requirements, and persuasively present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with Partner Development Managers and Partner Sales Managers to develop our Google Cloud ecosystem. You will help prospective partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business – all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers – developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies – see the benefits of our technology come to life.  From startups building their first app to billion-user consumer companies crunching big data, the Google Cloud Platform gives developers and businesses the most advanced data and analytics solution on the market, along with Google's secure, high performance infrastructure. Our team of technical account managers and software engineers work with partners across all functions to develop solutions that harness Google's planet-wide platform to solve the world's most challenging problems.  Responsibilities  Work with partner managers to identify and qualify partnership opportunities  Own the technical relationship with Google’s partners, empowering them on managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Work with partners to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to partner sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a Technical Sales Engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer and/or partner-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services, solutions architect or systems engineering team).  Experience with cloud computing concepts such as Big Data, PaaS and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Experience leading teams with a strong focus on coaching and mentoring.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - relating to big data trends and challenges within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand and work with new and emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  As a Strategic Cloud Engineer, you will be the named Google engineer working with the most strategic cloud customers. You will ensure that the experience building and maintaining applications in Google Cloud Platform is amazing. You are responsible for rapid and accurate resolution of technical challenges, lead implementations and integration of custom features. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Cloud technical challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel regularly (up to 30%, although we also frequently use video conferencing) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.   Experience with any of the following:  distributed compute environments, application development, mobile development, big data analytics, cloud computing including virtualization, hosted services, multi tenant cloud infrastructures, storage systems and content delivery networks.  Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++, or similar.  Experience working in customer-facing technical roles.     Preferred qualifications:   Working knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI)  Hands-on experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL datastores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr)  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Hands-on experience in big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experiences in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as Hadoop, NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Tensorflow).   Note:  By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA  Responsibilities  Become a trusted technical advisor to customers and overcome complex implementation challenges.  Create and deliver best practice recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time in-region for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience writing scripts in one or more languages such as Python, Go and/or similar.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical consultant or advisor, or equivalent client-facing engineering or technical consulting experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with hosted services and/or multi-tenant cloud infrastructures.  Experience with email administration, routing and hygiene with industry standard products.  Understanding of common enterprise directory administration systems such as Active Directory, OpenLDAP, and/or Domino Directory.  Understanding networking fundamentals and common enterprise networking architectures.  Familiarity with IT security practices such as identity and access management, device management and data protection.  Effective customer-facing communication and presentation skills.  As a Cloud Application Engineer, you will work with customers to transform existing applications into cloud native applications by providing application design guidance, proposing and testing cloud native APIs, containerizing existing applications, and rewriting applications in platform as a service products like Google App Engine. You will work with customers on new application design and implementation including application scaling, reliability, and ongoing operations such as application and feature rollouts monitoring and more. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  In this role you are the Google Engineer working with Google's most strategic Cloud customers. Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted strategic technical advisor to Google’s most strategic customers.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time.  Communicate effectively via video conferencing for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience architecting, developing software, or internet scale production-grade cloud solutions in virtualized environments such as Amazon Web Services, Azure and Google Cloud Platform.  Experience writing software in one or more languages such as Java, C++, Python, Go, JavaScript, or similar.  Experience working with technical customers and relevant experience in technical consulting.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with open source server application software (like NGINX, RabbitMQ) and event driven architectures (utilizing tools such as Pub/Sub, NodeJS, Serverless).  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Experience with build and deployment automation and continuous integration systems (such as Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity).  Experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL data stores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr).  Knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI).  In little more than a decade, Google has created one of the world's largest global computing infrastructures for both internal and external use. Using our unique technologies, along with open source tools, we keep Google's products and services running, robust and secure. Our objective is to create solutions that allow people to work and communicate in new and innovative ways – giving back to the world's technical community whenever we can.  As a Technical Solutions Consultant intern, you will be part of teams that provide technical support to Google's external partners and clients. As such, you will play a role in supporting external partners and clients, and develop tools to make our operations smarter and scalable. Your projects could range from driving analysis to determine root causes of customer dissatisfaction, building tools to automate and scale operations or developing custom solutions for some of Google's top partners.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and backend services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions, and troubleshooting their problems. Understand operational workflows, identify and define tool needs to enable operational scaling, and drive the development (initial and ongoing) and deployment of these tools with Engineering.  Create and update documentation as integration methods are applied (e.g., requirements document, technical design document, project plan, etc).  Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems. Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Solve problems that may involve access and analysis of massive amounts of data and information. Help to develop massively scalable, distributed software systems and collaborate on different smaller projects.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience with web technologies and experience with HTTP, HTMP, XML.  Database design and SQL Query construction experience.   Experience in one or more programming languages:  C++, Python or Java; experience with SQL and data modeling.     Preferred qualifications:   Enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Master's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience in systems software or algorithms.  Some client facing experience (gained through university, part time work, etc), or proxy skills (university society membership, organizing/leading voluntary activities).  Demonstrated business savvy and effective communication skills (relevant for a technical audience).  Authorization to work in the United States.  Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.  As an Application Engineer, you will play a major role in developing, deploying and supporting Google’s internal business applications. You will be tasked with solving various problems over time. When the situation calls for it, you’ll be part of a team that implements vendor sourced enterprise software, configuring that software, customizing it, and integrating with other internal systems. Other times, you’ll be primarily tasked with creating custom-built software.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Develop and deploy applications that support and change fundamental assumptions of how IT works.  Partner with internal teams to define and implement solutions that improve internal business processes.  Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and back-end services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Integrate third party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Programming experience in Java, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services (RESTful, SOAP), JavaScript  Experience developing internal business applications and business integration     Preferred qualifications:   MS in Computer Science, related field or 4 years of relevant work experience  Experience implementing, customizing and integrating third-party applications within Finance, Supply Chain, HR, Marketing etc.  Participation in multiple full system implementation life cycles (analyze, design, build, test, implement, support)  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; strong analytical skills and a demonstrable bias toward action.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  You will work on the Chrome browser, Chrome OS, Chromebooks, Chromecast, Mobile and future Google devices. Chrome OS is an open source and lightweight operating system designed for speed, simplicity and security. A Chromebook is a new, faster computer running Chrome OS as its operating system. With your technical expertise, you will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance new products and features.  Working on the Chrome Accessibility team, you will help us with three important goals: 1) Improve the web platform with tools and APIs to help developers make their web apps accessible to everyone. 2) Work on Chrome browser features to improve the experience for users with disabilities, including those who rely on third-party assistive technology. 3) Build and improve Chrome OS platform features for users with disabilities, including screen reading, braille support, magnification, color enhancement, and more.  Going beyond just enabling people to use our products and services, we want to find new ways to become a companion in people’s lives. Your projects will have crucial impact on these users as you manage technical challenges and coordinate with many teams at Google to find solutions that make Chrome and Chrome OS an amazing platform for everyone. Without the things we build, some users wouldn’t be able to use Chrome or a Chrome OS device at all. We’re focused on opening new possibilities for these users and making new experiences possible for them.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design and implement new user-facing features that address accessibility needs in Google’s products.  Write solid, maintainable, well tested client code.  Contribute to a fun and productive work environment.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Programming experience in C, C++, Python and scripting languages.  Experience developing accessible technologies.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with natural language processing or text-to-speech systems.  Programming experience developing modern, complex client-side web apps in JavaScript.  Experience contributing to an open source project.  Experience with and a passion for user-interface design.  We do research differently here at Google. Our team of Research Scientists aren't cloistered in a secret lab but are embedded throughout the engineering organization, allowing them to setup large-scale tests and deploy promising ideas quickly and broadly. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists work on real-world problems including artificial intelligence, data mining, natural language processing, hardware and software performance analysis, improving compilers for mobile platforms, as well as core search and much more. But you stay connected to your research roots as an active contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.    You manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables, adapting to changes and setbacks in order to manage pressures, demonstrating and applying theories through research efforts to develop new and improved products, processes, or technologies.  Research and Machine Intelligence is a high impact team that’s building the next generation of intelligence and language understanding for all Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning (including Deep Learning approaches like Google Brain) and Natural Language Understanding. Our work gets used by product teams across Google, including Search, Maps and Google Now.  As a Research Software Engineer in the Google Brain team, you work and collaborate closely with Research Scientists on the team. You have the flexibility to switch projects as our research focus shifts and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate about managing new problems.  This role bridges the gap between Software Engineer and Research Scientist. We are looking for great software engineers who also have experience with language understanding and perception (speech, images, video) - as well as improving algorithms. We work with teams across Google to make their products better and make Moonshots possible. In this role, you'll work alongside world-class Research Scientists in the Google Brain team to bring their ideas to life by implementing algorithms, running experiments and building prototypes.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting-edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++ or Python  Experience with linear algebra, calculus and statistics  Machine learning experience     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field.  Strong computer systems experience.  GPU programming experience.  Large data analysis and visualization experience.  Exposure to industry or academic research.  Exposure to Deep Learning, Neural Networks, or related fields and a strong interest and desire to learn about them.  As a UX Researcher, you conduct independent research, analyze real user behavior, and work with User Interface Designers, Product Managers, and Engineers to improve our product features and develop new ones. Your work spans across all of Google's products, and you are encouraged to identify new opportunities for user experience improvements.  In this role, you'll combine skills in experimental design, statistical analysis, programming, and human-computer interaction to improve user experience. As a key member of a product team, you work with stakeholders across functions and levels. You solve challenging problems and empower the team to move forward by developing metrics, measuring results, and integrating new methodologies into existing systems. Through reports and team engagement, you'll provide a UX perspective on quantitative data to help stakeholders understand their users.  You will identify and quantify problems, and embark on new research areas worth exploring through innovative methods. As such, you'll apply principles of rigorous and ethical research to build and improve products in order to satisfy users' needs and exceeding their expectations.  User experience (UX) is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users’ needs, behaviors, and emotions to yield insights that inform product strategy and guide the design of the experiences we create. Our multidisciplinary UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and performance. We collaborate closely with product managers, software engineers, and many others to solve complex challenges and craft powerful experiences that highlight our products’ unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Google’s philosophy: “Focus on the user and all else will follow.”  Responsibilities  Work with engineering and product teams to help define user experience goals and metrics.  Identify quantitative markers of user experience.  Help drive change by communicating findings to stakeholders in the company.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Statistics, Psychology, related field or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in an applied research setting.  Experience in a programming language commonly used for data manipulation and computational statistics (e.g. Python, R, Matlab, C++, Java, or Go), and with SQL.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, Statistics, or a related field.  5 years of experience with User Experience or Human-Computer Interaction teams.  Demonstrated expertise in multivariate statistics and the design of experiments.  Proficiency in programming computational and statistical algorithms for large data sets.  Ability to develop research questions within a given domain, and technical tools for the analysis of data within that field.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. This team will allow you to work on projects that will aim to make all our products accessible to everyone, with a particular focus on users with special needs or disabilities.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Users with disabilities pose many unique technical challenges, as we seek to address at global scale needs that vary from individual to individual.  As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. You are versatile, display leadership qualities and are enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Write solid, maintainable, well tested client code.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in computer science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Programming experience in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java and/or Python.  Experience with assistive technologies such as screen readers, scanning interfaces or assistive listening devices.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  1-year of relevant work experience, including experience with UNIX/Linux or Windows environments, distributed systems, machine learning, information retrieval and TCP/IP.  Experience with and a passion for user-interface design.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Software Engineer working on Google's infrastructure, you have the opportunity to work on everything from the core platform that runs the world's largest distributed network to redefining the systems that allow applications and services to provide useful information to billions of users around the globe. From our Data Center software groups to Google Cloud Platform or Gmail to YouTube, our infrastructure engineers across departments wrestle with the vast scale of a ubiquitous system, its products and services and revolutionize industry leading technologies to handle the sheer magnitude at which Google operates.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your strong background in distributed systems and large-scale storage systems.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of relevant work experience in software development.  Professional coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python or Go.  Experience architecting and developing large scale distributed systems. Experience in concurrency, multithreading and synchronization.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with database internals, database language theories, database design, SQL and database programming.  Understanding of technologies such as virtualization and global infrastructure, load balancing, networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce and security.  As a Machine Learning Cloud Consultant, you will work directly with Google’s most strategic customers on critical projects to help them transform their businesses. You will help our customers understand how Google’s products can be used to support a wide range of data analytics and machine learning workloads. You will provide management, consulting and technical horsepower to customer engagements while working with client executives and key technical leaders to deploy solutions via Google’s Cloud Platform.  You'll also work closely with key Google partners currently servicing top accounts to manage programs, deliver consulting services, and provide technical guidance and best practice expertise.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Interact with sales/partner leads and technical stakeholders to translate complex customer requirements into recommendations for appropriate solution architectures and consulting services.  Participate in technical and design discussions with technical executives, acting to speed adoption and ensure best practices during implementation.  Provide a point of escalation for customer inquiries and serve as the first point of contact to Google for consulting services.  Work with customer technical leads, client executives, and partners to manage and deliver successful migrations to cloud solutions.  Work closely with practice areas, product and engineering to package best practices and lessons learned into thought leadership, methodologies and product strategy.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a technical or engineering field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.   Experience with one or more of the following:  machine learning, recommendation systems, natural language processing, computer vision, pattern recognition, or artificial intelligence.  Experience with one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Java, or C/C++, R.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience  Experience in a statistical programming language like R or Python and applied machine learning techniques (i.e. dimensionality reduction strategies, classification, and natural language processing frameworks).  Experience designing and deploying with one or more the following technologies: Tensor Flow, Spark ML, CNTK, Torch, Caffe  Systems design experience with ability to architect and explain data analytics pipelines and data flows.  Strong cross-functional project management, communication, and stakeholder management skills. Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills, with a focus on translating business requirements into technology solutions.  Google's statisticians and quantitative analysts work within our Software Engineering organization, including Life Sciences, Geo, Project Aura, Technical Infrastructure, and Advertising. We analyze huge sets of data and continually run live experiments in order to help drive critical decisions at Google. Specifically, we support the development of innovative, highly scalable, next-generation technologies through deep research and advanced analysis.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Provide research on topics including Google's business model and novel search techniques.  Produce quantitative and qualitative modeling of business dynamics, user behavior, etc.  Identify areas for further investigation as well as creating innovative methods of analysis.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a PhD in statistics, biostatistics, computer science, mathematics, operations research, or another discipline involving experimental design and quantitative analysis of experimental data.  Must be enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience using technology to work with datasets such as scripting, Python, statistical software packages (R, S-Plus, SAS or similar).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, and sampling methods.  Strong track record of developing intellectual capital such as published works.  Authorization to work in the United States.   Google Technical Services:  Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions.  On this team you will make sure that our external partners are able to grow their business with the full support of Google's products. Publisher Solution Consultants are advertising and technology non-conformists who serve as liaisons between our biggest partners and Google's Sales, Product, and Engineering teams. You not only serve as a Google teacher but also identify new opportunities where our ad, analytics, and cloud products can better help our partners’ businesses. You have strong technical skills to help troubleshoot some of the toughest issues along with strong soft skills as well.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions to their problems, troubleshooting their issues and performing implementation reviews.  Guarantee the technical aspects of client integrations (both new and ongoing) by providing necessary documentation and technical guidance. Analyze and optimize the development of existing clients to ensure their success with the Google suite of products for partners.  Present in front of small or mid-sized groups of internal stakeholders and customers  Conduct needs assessments to understand core business problems and to act as the client’s business partner and advisor in identifying additional project scope and/or related areas of opportunity that had not yet been identified  Advocate new product features and ensure the prompt and proper resolution of technical challenges  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience troubleshooting web technologies, such as XML, HTML and HTML5, JavaScript, Flash.  Experience with coding in languages such as Python or Java. Experience with SQL.  Ability to travel when required.     Preferred qualifications:   Data analysis and good data-driven decision-making skills.  Excellent project management skills and attention to detail.  Collaboration skills for working across geographically dispersed functions.  Knowledge of Digital Ads Ecosystem, Google Analytics, and Google Cloud Platform.  Excellent written and oral business communication and presentation skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Are you passionate about developing image processing algorithms on leading edge mobile hardware? Join our team to transform imaging as we know it today. From 3As to ISPs to computational photography, we are creating tomorrow’s photography experience. You will work hands-on with scientists and engineers in one of the most advanced image quality labs built. You will also research, learn, build, and deploy camera systems that will excite users across the world!  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, implement and optimize algorithms for Google products.  Develop new algorithms to improve the image/video quality (SNR, color reproduction, stabilization, facial enhancements) or enable new photography features.  Develop auto white balance, auto exposure, auto focus, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection algorithms for Google products.  Work cross-functionally with hardware teams to support algorithm implementation and optimization.  Integrate imaging simulation controls, image analysis and data visualization.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience in computer vision/machine learning, image processing, or computer graphics.  Experience in computational photography algorithm or ISP (3A and image restoration/enhancement algorithms) development.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience with camera automatic control algorithm development implementation (i.e. auto white balance, auto focus, auto exposure, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection).  Experience in GPU, Halide, or other functional languages.  Interest in consumer cameras and photography.  Today there are over 3 billion users already online, with more than a billion getting connected in the next few years. Most of this growth will come from a small set of countries representing almost 700 million users. Google has a tremendous opportunity to play a meaningful role in the day-to-day life of these users and establish ourselves in these markets by building products, tailoring our existing products and thinking of the next billion users first. Analyzing the growth levers of these products is a key to success in the markets. As a Marketing Analyst, you will play a crucial role in determining what these levers are and drive growth of these products.  Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.  Responsibilities  Analyze NBU Products performance, determine the incremental installs, active users and marketing spends, segmented by sources. Computing product and marketing health metrics and KPIs. Including building out and consolidating existing marketing dashboards.  Lead global analyses that have direct impact on product performance, such as correlation and causation analyses.  Work with Product teams and other Product Marketing Managers to ensure product tracking solutions (such as Firebase, AdWords tracking) are set up properly and give clear recommendations to corresponding teams and vendors to maximize tracking effectiveness.  Work cross-functionally with Data Analyst teams across Product, Engineering and Marketing organizations to build data tools (data warehouses, dashboards, etc.) and drive alignment and ensure a single version of truth between data sources.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Data Science, Statistics, Engineering, Quantitative Finance or other analytics related field or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of business experience.  Industry experience working with SQL, and one or more statistical tool (R, SAS, SPSS, Python).     Preferred qualifications:   Understanding of design and life cycle development of business dashboards/reports.  Proficiency with spreadsheet software.  Ability to learn IT systems quickly to extract and prepare required datasets for analytics.  Ability to translate data into. executive level presentations.  Self-starter with excellent time and project management skills, ability to fully comprehend new processes and systems quickly.  Effective critical thinking and communication skills (verbal and written) with attention to detail.  Fast-paced, dynamic and proactive, YouTube Trust and Safety is dedicated to ensuring that YouTube is a place for users, viewers, and creators around the world to belong, create, and express themselves. Whether understanding and solving their online content concerns, navigating within global legal frameworks, or writing and enforcing worldwide policy, the Trust &amp; Safety team is on the frontlines of enhancing the YouTube experience, building internet safety, and protecting free speech in our ever-evolving digital world.  YouTube's growing global prominence and expanding user base provides unique challenges and new responsibilities everyday. The Policy and Legal Operations Analyst team is at the center of the important policy issues that shape the direction of our site and frame our stance on powerful themes like freedom of expression and online safety. Leveraging significant analytical backgrounds, Analysts are visionaries who work on difficult analysis to creatively quantify emerging trends on the site, establishing impact and bringing data to devise and implement solutions collaboratively. We also look to radically improve the state of our global operations through automation, process improvement and new technology.  As part of the greater Policy Operations team, Policy Enforcement and Operations Business Analysts work will focus on policy areas that matter deeply to our users and society. Analysts are directly responsible for informing policy development with quantitative insights thereby making the internet safer, protecting free speech and defending our brand. You will play an important role in the success of YouTube through defining the scale and impact of emerging issues to inform policy positions, investigating complex and ambiguous networks of contentious content, isolating common social and technical trends and executing scalable workflows to mitigate the impact that content has on our users. You will work closely with product and engineering to define and implement technical and process-based solutions to emerging product, PR and legal threats.  YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis project work to scope policy issues and quantify their impact.  Drive analytical deep dives (metric and dashboard development, data prototyping, insights generation and recommendations) on the effectiveness of policies and operations throughout our ecosystem.  Use data mining and statistical techniques (going beyond traditional business intelligence) to drive key projects like forecasting, etc.  Liaise with engineering teams to provide solutions to technical problems, and liaise with policy, PR and legal teams to craft solutions to emerging threats using a well thought, methodical, data-driven approach and prioritization.  Untangle ambiguous problems and find the insights that drive operational, policy and product excellence.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, operations research, economics, etc, or equivalent practical experience  Experience with data management tools (SQL, Google Spreadsheets, or other spreadsheet software).  Experience in time series analysis, visualization (Tableau, Spotfire) and data analysis tools (SAS, R, SPSS, or Python).  Experience in business analytics such as operations, marketing, or sales.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or other advanced degree in technical/scientific field of study or equivalent practical experience.  Experience writing and maintaining ETLs which operate on a variety of structured and unstructured sources.  Advanced statistical modeling experience with time series forecasting, sampling, experiments and causal inference.  Familiarity with Internet policy and regulatory environments.  Demonstrated success in presenting large data sets in a clear and compelling manner that inspires action.  Relevant experience at a leading management consulting firm or corporate strategy team for a high-growth technology firm (software, Internet and/or media industry).  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build VR features for a range of uses. Support diverse clients, including small footprint mobile devices.  Develop and architect projects, plugins, games, demos and SDKs.  Provide general project support to help ensure high performance integration of VR features into the platforms.  Build systems that are highly performant on a wide range of devices across a number of platforms.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.  Experience with Virtual Reality, including but not limited to 3D graphics, OpenGL, rendering, digital AV, video and audio codecs, and/or media players.  Experience with mobile development in Android, iOS, or other mobile environments.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science with an emphasis on graphics.  Experience using Unity and/or Unreal Engine.  Experience designing APIs and SDKs and/or game development.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Software Engineer working on Google's infrastructure, you have the opportunity to work on everything from the core platform that runs the world's largest distributed network to redefining the systems that allow applications and services to provide useful information to billions of users around the globe. From our Data Center software groups to Google's Cloud Platform, Gmail to YouTube, our infrastructure engineers across departments wrestle with the vast scale of a ubiquitous system, its products, and services and revolutionize industry leading technologies to handle the sheer magnitude at which Google operates.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your strong background in distributed systems and large scale storage systems.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1-year of relevant work experience in software development.  Professional coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python or Go.  Experience architecting and developing large scale distributed systems. Experience in concurrency, multithreading and synchronization.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science.  Experience with Unix/Linux environments.  Experience with TCP/IP and network programming.  Experience with database internals, database language theories, database design, SQL and database programming.  Understanding of technologies such as virtualization and global infrastructure, load balancing, networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce and security.  Interest or exposure to networking technologies/concepts such as Software Defined Networking (SDN) and OpenFlow.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  On the ARCore team, you’ll build software to make augmented reality more collaborative and useful. Imagine being able to redecorate a room with a friend, get walking navigation directions from your smartphone's camera, or see information about the Eiffel Tower when you look at it. You’ll work on all this and more.  The Google Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality team is a fast moving group of engineers, designers, and research scientists tasked with building the foundations for great immersive and augmented reality apps and prototyping novel, delightful user experiences. We are focused on making virtual reality accessible to millions of people through mobile devices, and its scope continues to grow and evolve.    Responsibilities  Design new AR features, building new APIs, services, and tools from scratch.  Collaborate with internal and external teams to define new capabilities for AR.  Launch new APIs/features in Google’s AR products including ARCore and Android.  Leverage technology like Visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (VSLAM), Visual Inertial Odometry (VIO), and Image Processing.  Work on projects in C++, Java, Objective C, or Swift.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.  Experience in Augmented Reality including but not limited to Computer Vision, Computational Geometry, Visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (VSLAM), Visual Inertial Odometry (VIO), and/or Image Processing.  Experience with mobile development in Android, iOS, or other constrained mobile environments.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science or a related field.  Experience with sensor accuracy, calibration, and fusion.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Graphics Software Engineer at Google, you will have the opportunity to pioneer, develop and build out our stunning visual experiences. You may investigate, prototype and implement solutions to achieve the highest quality graphics possible in software and consumer hardware. You have experience in one or more areas of computer graphics; areas may include rendering, mathematics, computational geometry, graphic frameworks and libraries or other graphic related technologies.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of experience with computer graphic frameworks and libraries, including but not limited to OpenGL, DirectX, or Vulkan.  Professional coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python or Go.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science with an emphasis on graphics.  Experience with 3D rendering, GPU optimization or optimized rendering engines.  Experience with mathematics, computational geometry, or other graphic related technologies.  Experience with graphics hardware architecture.  As a Machine Learning Cloud Consultant, you will work directly with Google’s most strategic customers on critical projects to help them transform their businesses. You will help our customers understand how Google’s products can be used to support a wide range of data analytics and machine learning workloads. You will provide management, consulting and technical horsepower to customer engagements while working with client executives and key technical leaders to deploy solutions via Google’s Cloud Platform.  You'll also work closely with key Google partners currently servicing top accounts to manage programs, deliver consulting services, and provide technical guidance and best practice expertise.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Interact with sales/partner leads and technical stakeholders to translate complex customer requirements into recommendations for appropriate solution architectures and consulting services.  Participate in technical and design discussions with technical executives, acting to speed adoption and ensure best practices during implementation.  Provide a point of escalation for customer inquiries and serve as the first point of contact to Google for consulting services.  Work with customer technical leads, client executives, and partners to manage and deliver successful migrations to cloud solutions.  Work closely with practice areas, product and engineering to package best practices and lessons learned into thought leadership, methodologies and product strategy.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a technical or engineering field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.   Experience with one or more of the following:  machine learning, recommendation systems, natural language processing, computer vision, pattern recognition, or artificial intelligence.  Experience with one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Java, or C/C++, R.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience  Experience in a statistical programming language like R or Python and applied machine learning techniques (i.e. dimensionality reduction strategies, classification, and natural language processing frameworks).  Experience designing and deploying with one or more the following technologies: Tensor Flow, Spark ML, CNTK, Torch, Caffe  Systems design experience with ability to architect and explain data analytics pipelines and data flows.  Strong cross-functional project management, communication, and stakeholder management skills. Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills, with a focus on translating business requirements into technology solutions.  At Google, User Experience Researchers (UXRs) help everyone focus on the user. In this role, you will create understanding and empathy around user needs, stated and unstated, for your entire product team including designers, product managers, and engineers. You will do so by conducting primary research, exploring the behaviors and motivations of our users through methods like field visits, ethnography, surveys, usability testing, and logs analysis. Your research will help us create useful, usable, and delightful new products and features for people as well as continually innovating on our existing products. You’ll inspire change at all stages of product development by delivering compelling, written, in-person and visual presentations on your findings.    The UXR community at Google is unique. As part of our group, you will have the chance to work not only with the other UXRs on your immediate team but to work and learn from UXRs across the company through regular in-person meetups, established mentorship programs, access to our internal research tools, and 20% projects. Google is a place where UXRs can do their best work.   User Experience Researcher, Qualitative:  In this role, you will create understanding and empathy around user needs, stated and unstated, for your entire product team including designers, product managers, and engineers. You will do so by conducting primary research, exploring the behaviors and motivations of our users through methods like field visits, ethnography, surveys, usability testing, and logs analysis.   User Experience Researcher, Quantitative:  In this role, you'll combine skills in experimental design, statistical analysis, programming and human-computer interaction to improve user experience. As a key member of a product team, you work with stakeholders across functions and levels. You solve challenging problems and empower the team to move forward by developing metrics, measuring results and integrating new methodologies into existing systems. Your impact will go beyond just crunching numbers: through reports and team engagement, you'll provide a UX perspective on quantitative data to help stakeholders understand their users.  User experience (UX) is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users’ needs, behaviors, and emotions to yield insights that inform product strategy and guide the design of the experiences we create. Our multidisciplinary UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and performance. We collaborate closely with product managers, software engineers, and many others to solve complex challenges and craft powerful experiences that highlight our products’ unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Google’s philosophy: “Focus on the user and all else will follow.”  Responsibilities  Collect and analyze user behavior through lab studies, field visits, ethnography, surveys, benchmark studies, server logs, and online experiments (A/B testing).  Advocate research findings to diverse audiences through written reports and in-person presentations.  Define and measure quantitative and/or qualitative UX goals and metrics in collaboration with Designers, Researchers, Engineers and Program Managers.  Examine existing data and product designs to generate hypotheses and plans for high-impact research.  Develop code and statistical models to understand user experience (responsibility for Quantitative UX Researchers).  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Master's degree in Human Computer Interaction, Cognitive Psychology, Information Science, Statistics or a related field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in a professional, applied research setting.  Ability to start Summer 2018  Authorization to work in the United States     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in Human Computer Interaction, Cognitive Psychology, Information Science, Statistics or a related field  Experience in survey design and analysis.  Experience integrating user research into product designs and design practices.  Effective interpersonal, communication, negotiation and collaboration skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  You have experience in lower-level computer systems, computer architecture, embedded systems and kernel development. Areas of development may include BIOS, Linux kernel, device drivers, embedded firmware, performance tuning, debugging tools, tests and release management.  As an Embedded Software Engineer at Google, you will have the opportunity to pioneer, develop and build out our footprint in consumer hardware/software. You will design and develop the fastest fiber optic internet and data center networks, engineer and build products that contribute to the Android-Chrome ecosystem, and help develop new technology tools for physicians that can integrate easily into daily life and help transform the detection, prevention and management of disease. You will build and launch smart wearables and other related products in line with Google's ambitious and visionary objectives, and lay the low-level groundwork for moonshots across the company!  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or relevant technical field or equivalent practical experience  1 year of relevant work experience.  Development experience within embedded systems/firmware design.  Experience coding in C/C++     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field  Experience with audio and video processing or DSP, including but not limited to AV synchronization, Open GL/CL, codecs, AV/Media, or speech/audio recognition and synthesis.  Knowledge of Unix/Linux environments and kernel development.   Knowledge of one or more of the following:  Microcontrollers, SoC, device drivers, hardware bringup, power management, ARM processors, performance optimization, file systems, bootloading, firmware, x86 assembly, system BIOS or hardware/software integration.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions.  In just eight years, YouTube has grown into a video community that 1 billion people across the globe use to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube and Video team helps budding filmmakers and musicians build careers, creates products like YouTube Live and runs collaborative projects like Life in a Day and the YouTube Space Lab. We are changing how people entertain, inform, share and change the world, one video at a time.  Responsibilities  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks while also reading and reviewing others’ code to provide feedback.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Mitigate reliability failures in a component or system.  Create and support a productive and innovative team (this includes working with peers, managers, and teams.).  Take on tasks as requested, following through to completion despite roadblocks or distractions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience or previous project assignments with Data Structures and Algorithms (i.e. selecting and implementing an algorithm, using data structures to solve a problem.) Experience creating algorithms that improve a product’s capabilities, speed, efficiency, or reliability.  Experience in writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python (e.g., removing duplicate elements from a list) and experience in optimizing code (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Experience with data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals as well as debugging code and submitting the fix.     Preferred qualifications:   Graduated from a BS/MS program in Dec 2017 or Spring/Summer 2018.  Experience developing thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing) for your code, using one or more of the following: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, or Python.  Experience manipulating code to improve system availability and latency; Experience with improving inventing or demonstrating the value of new algorithms that improve a product's capabilities, speed, efficiency and reliability.  Demonstrated experience programming in 2 or more of the above languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python.  Previous tech internships or relevant work experience programming in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python.  Skill in isolating problems to a database subsystem.  At Google, we care deeply about our iOS users, and we develop for iOS as enthusiastically as we do for Android. We strive to enable users on any platform to access Google products and services — from mainstays like Maps, Search, and YouTube to cutting-edge projects like Translate, Photos, and Google Now — in the best possible way. And we solve problems at Google's unique scale, bringing large data to small devices and crafting elegant user experiences.  As an iOS software engineer, you’ll get to work on products that help millions of people around the world, and collaborate with other passionate mobile developers to bring the most delightful and useful services and apps to life. You should be comfortable with Objective-C and have extensive knowledge of iOS development techniques and practices.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design and implement new user-facing features in Google’s large, complex mobile applications.  Build the libraries and frameworks that support authentication, copresence, and cutting-edge network protocols.  Optimize mobile applications on the iOS platform.  Develop prototypes quickly.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience.  Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.  Software development experience in Objective-C or Swift using iOS or OS X frameworks  4 years of relevant work experience, including software development experience, or 1 year of relevant work experience with a PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Python, JavaScript, Go, or Swift.  Comfortable with Objective-C or Swift and have extensive knowledge of iOS development techniques and practices.  Knowledge of the iOS SDK performance tools and optimization techniques.  Interest and ability to learn other programming languages as needed.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services—from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl or Ruby.     Preferred qualifications:   Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, executive speaker series, and community-building. This program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal - which requires research, awareness, interactivity, and asking questions.  From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. We focus on being a collaborative, global organization consisting of engineers who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on our core products and services as well as those who support critical functions of our engineering operations. Depending on your background and experience, you will be working in one of the following areas:  Product and Systems Development  Whether it's finding new and innovative ways to advance search quality, building computing platform and networking technologies, automating the indexing of videos, or continuing to refine and scale complex auction systems (just to name a few), you will be developing solutions to some of the most challenging technical problems out there. You will research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offerings and collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Examples of specialist domains: UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, security, embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers).  Engineering Productivity  As a Software Engineer in the Engineering Productivity organization, you'll use your software design, analysis and programming skills to create innovative automated test systems. The test team undertakes a broad range of challenges on a daily basis, designing and building intelligent systems that can explore various use cases and scenarios for distributed computing infrastructure. Just imagine trying to design and build an automated testing system for something that's never been done before.  Site Reliability  Software Engineers working in Site Reliability are involved in every facet of Google's production and work on the cutting edge of cloud-based computing. As a member of this team you are in the thick of everything involved with keeping Google running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. Software engineers on this team love to create robust and scalable software that scale to tens of millions of users. You will handle challenging, novel situations every day, and work with just about every other engineering and operations team to provide services and applications that are quintessentially Google - fast, reliable and accessible to all.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world problems.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.  Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor's or Master’s degree program in Computer Science or related technical field and returning to a full-time degree program after completion of the internship.  Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms; experience with algorithms, using data structures to solve problems, and interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Experience writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python (e.g., remove duplicate elements from a list).  Experience with linear coding and use language features when necessary (e.g., data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in 2019.  Previous tech internships or demonstrated work experience (i.e. research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.) programming in two or more of the following languages: C, C++ Java, JavaScript, or Python.  Ability to develop thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing).  Ability to manipulate code to improve system availability and latency and optimize code for stability, functionality and scalability for a segment of Google's infrastructure, service area, or within a technology domain (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Ability to isolate problems to a database subsystem.  Authorization to work in the United States.  As a User Experience (UX) writer, you are an advocate for Google design, working to shape product experiences by creating useful, meaningful text that helps users complete the task at hand. You help set the vision for content and drive cohesive product narratives across multiple platforms and touchpoints. As a stellar writer, you have a portfolio of work which demonstrates content that simplifies and beautifies the overall user experience.  You work with people in a variety of UX design-related jobs including researchers, product managers, engineers, and marketing and customer operations personnel. Collaborating with each, you strive to establish cohesive language and a unified voice across products and platforms. You regularly use empathy, logic, and hard data to inform content choices, and are an expert in your product. You provide content recommendations that include the right words and sometimes complementary data and images.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Write clear, concise user-interface text for products.  Develop a vision for product content across a given domain. Ensure tactical execution to drive cohesive product narratives across all digital touch points within the product (and work with marketing and operations on touch points outside the product).  Collaborate with designers, researchers, prototypers, product managers, and engineers to define requirements.  Develop concepts for early stage products. Provide data-informed insights to improve existing experiences.  Help coordinate translations, improve writing tools and processes, format documents, and generally assist as needed to produce world-class software and hardware products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a BA/BS degree in English, Literature, Communication, Journalism, Science Writing, Creative Writing, Digital Humanities, HCI or a related field, and graduating in winter 2018, 2019, or 2020.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after completion of the internship.  Authorization to work in the United States.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a MS degree program in English, Literature, Communication, Journalism, Science Writing, Creative Writing, Digital Humanities, HCI or a related field, and graduating in winter 2018, 2019, or 2020.  Relevant work experience, or personal project experience outside the classroom in technical writing, UX writing, fact-checking, copywriting or content/creative strategy.  Knowledge of online technology and related technology and products.  Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment.  Analytical, creative and visual thinker with excellent communication skills, both verbal and visual as well as effective writing, editing, and project management skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how millions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our ambitions reach far beyond just Search. Our products need to handle information at the scale of the web. We're looking for ideas from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, and user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a Software Engineer, you work on a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fast-paced business grows and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to handle new problems as we continue to push technology forward.  Google Cloud Platform allows developers to build, host, store and deploy applications or websites on Google's highly-scalable and reliable infrastructure for web, mobile and backend solutions. We are looking for visionary Software Engineers who see the big picture of where cloud computing is headed and want to be at the forefront of a new era of computing. You will play a critical role in this endeavor. As a Software Engineer, you will have the opportunity to shape and deliver Google Cloud Platform products including: App Engine, Compute Engine, Cloud Storage, Big Data, Deployment Manager, Services and more. You will quickly ramp up as a subject matter expert for the Google Cloud Platform and become the go-to person for designing elegant cloud-based solutions. You will apply your expertise of cloud computing stack, broad software technologies, and open source tools to resolve what are often considered seemingly unsolvable cloud technology platform challenges for our customers.  If you are a software engineer interested in building front-end, back-end or full stack services for a new and innovative cloud product, then we are interested in talking to you. We're looking for ideas and skills from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, and user interface design. The list goes on and grows daily. You’ll work in small teams that use Agile methodology to keep up in a fast paced business environment. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to handle new problems as we continue to push technology forward.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Write server side code for Google Cloud Platform based applications, create robust high-volume production applications, and develop prototypes quickly.  Build, design and implement scalable cloud-based web applications for PaaS, IaaS or SaaS.  Provide thought leadership for cloud developer technology inside Google and collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to streamline or improve adoption of Google Cloud Platform.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Math, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of general software programming experience in Java, C/C++, Python, Go, database design and SQL, and/or knowledge of TCP/IP and network programming.  Large systems software design and development experience, with experience in Unix/Linux.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science.  Technical paper publications and conference engagements.  Experience developing applications for multiple mobile platforms (e.g. Android, iOS), internet-related cloud technologies, and gaming industries, etc.  Familiarity with open source cloud and application platforms, Google App Engine development experience.  Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills.  Good understanding of private and public cloud design considerations and limitations in the areas of virtualization and global infrastructure, distributed systems, load balancing and networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce, and security.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end.  Google Fiber is rewriting the future of the Internet, and you will help define this future. Google Fiber Marketing is expanding its strategy and analytics team to scale to the growing needs of the business for this function.  As a Marketing Insights and Analytics Manager, you are a strategic and analytical thinker, who can break down problems and drive solutions. In this role, you will work with the Acquisition Marketing team to make sure that all eligible households and businesses can benefit from using the right type of Google Fiber service. You will also have the opportunity to create product offering strategies for Google Fiber, working closely with the Product and Sales teams.  Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.  Responsibilities  Devise a strategy to recommend the right Fiber services to eligible households and businesses.  Contribute to building an engine that determines service recommendations.  Draw insights from market trend analysis and apply the learnings to optimize acquisition performance.  Package analysis effectively for reports and presentations to shape strategic and operational decisions.  Design, test, analyze and optimize innovative marketing campaigns to increase Fiber adoption.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or related field or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience in analytics.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or MS degree.  Proficiency with statistical programming (e.g.. R, Stata, SAS). SQL, and other programming languages; experience with analyzing data through statistical, quantitative modeling and forecasting.  Distinctive problem-solving skills with impeccable business judgement and attention to detail.  Proven track-record of cross-functional collaboration.  Excellent oral and written communication, interpersonal, and analytical skills.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services—from inception and design, through to deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field involving coding (e.g. Physics or Mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl, Ruby.     Preferred qualifications:   Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with effective communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Ability to debug and optimize code and to automate routine tasks.  At Google, data drives all of our decision-making. Data Scientist Technical Leads work all across the organization to help shape Google's business and technical strategies by processing, analyzing and interpreting huge data sets. Using analytical rigor and statistical methods, you mine through data to identify opportunities for Google and our clients to operate more efficiently, from enhancing advertising efficacy to network infrastructure optimization to studying user behavior. As an analyst, you do more than just crunch the numbers. You work with Engineers, Product Managers, Sales Associates and Marketing teams to adjust Google's practices according to your findings. Identifying the problem is only half the job; you also figure out the solution.    With your leadership and professional expertise, you manage a team of analysts, plan project goals and lead the overall strategy for your group. You are a recognized authority in your functional area and develop, organize and launch projects that span engineering and analysis.  As a Data Scientist Technical Lead for YouTube or Search, the scope of your role will impact the entire Product.  For the YouTube Creators platform, the role will be focused on defining and understanding the core metrics (top-level and granular) that drive the supply-side of our business. YouTube viewers have nothing to watch and advertisers have no audiences to market to without the content that our “creators” produce. Creators range from you/me making silly videos to share with our friends - often referred to as casual to professional content (music videos, etc.), and of course in between is our homegrown stars and musicians.  You have previous analytical work to understand the varying types of our creators and the inequality dynamics of viewership (we are a “hits” driven platform, just like any media company). We have the basics down, but we need a great leader and communicator to talk to senior leadership across the organization about this, especially given the nuance. This is where you come in!  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with large, complex YouTube data sets; solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables and presentations.  Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.  Directly manage a data science team. Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams; work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products.  Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.  Research and develop analysis, forecasting and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering) or equivalent practical experience.  10 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).  5 years of people management / leadership experience  Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).  12 years of directly relevant, tech industry work experience (e.g., as a statistician / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included.  8 years of demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques, including people management.  Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.  Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.  Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.  We follow a simple but vital premise in the User Experience group: "Focus on the user and all else will follow." We're ardently interested in our users and strive to learn everything we can about their behaviors, attitudes and emotions to help define the products and experiences we create. The User Experience team is a critical driving force behind gathering these insights and then using them to inspire and inform design. We are a multi-disciplinary team of interaction designers, visual designers, user researchers, copywriters and Web developers who collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create innovative, usable, great-looking products that people love to use.  UX Researchers learn what people need and want from our products and services and evaluate user experience. As a UX Researcher, you conduct independent research, analyze real user behavior and work with User Experience Designers, Products Managers, and Engineers to improve our product features and develop new ones. Your work spans across all of Google's products, and you are encouraged to identify new opportunities for user experience improvements. We strive to connect users to the magic of our products, and your job is to make that connection intuitive and accessible.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design and conduct user studies to gauge the usability of new and existing Google features.  Make concrete, data-driven recommendations for change based on your findings.  Communicate with team members throughout the process.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in human computer interaction, cognitive psychology, information science, statistics, data science, or a related field, and graduating in 2018, 2019 or 2020.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after completion of the internship.  Experience conducting user research.  Authorization to work in the United States.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a MS or PhD in human computer interaction, cognitive psychology, information science, statistics, data science, or a related field, and graduating in 2018, 2019 or 2020.  Relevant work/project experience in an applied research setting including but not limited to integrating user research into product designs and design practices.  Knowledge of statistics and the principles of experiment design.  Strong understanding of strengths and shortcomings of different research methods, including when and how to apply them during each product phase.  Excellent analytical, interpersonal, communication, negotiation and collaboration skills.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager Intern at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.    Using your technical and leadership expertise, you run Engineering-focused projects that are well-defined under supervision.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with Google Engineering teams to design, develop, implement, launch, and support new services and enhancements to existing services.  Develop and execute plans under a set of implementation and delivery time constraints, optimizing for a blend of cost, schedule, and features.  Collect and analyze relevant data and take actions accordingly.  Facilitate broad collaboration with clear communications and documentation.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Go or Python.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.  Experience writing code and contributing to open source projects.  Analytical and solution-oriented background, with great people skills and structured problem solving capabilities.  Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels.  Effective analytical, problem-solving and organizational skills.  Authorization to work in the United States.  In little more than a decade, Google has created one of the world's largest global computing infrastructures for both internal and external use. Using our unique technologies, along with open source tools, we keep Google's products and services running, robust and secure. Our objective is to create solutions that allow people to work and communicate in new and innovative ways – giving back to the world's technical community whenever we can.  As a Technical Solutions Consultant intern, you will be part of teams that provide technical support to Google's external partners and clients. As such, you will play a role in supporting external partners and clients, and develop tools to make our operations smarter and scalable. Your projects could range from driving analysis to determine root causes of customer dissatisfaction, building tools to automate and scale operations or developing custom solutions for some of Google's top partners.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and backend services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions, and troubleshooting their problems. Understand operational workflows, identify and define tool needs to enable operational scaling, and drive the development (initial and ongoing) and deployment of these tools with Engineering.  Create and update documentation as integration methods are applied (e.g., requirements document, technical design document, project plan, etc).  Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems. Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Solve problems that may involve access and analysis of massive amounts of data and information. Help to develop massively scalable, distributed software systems and collaborate on different smaller projects.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience with web technologies and experience with HTTP, HTMP, XML.  Database design and SQL Query construction experience.   Experience in one or more programming languages:  C++, Python or Java; experience with SQL and data modeling.     Preferred qualifications:   Enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Master's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience in systems software or algorithms.  Some client facing experience (gained through university, part time work, etc), or proxy skills (university society membership, organizing/leading voluntary activities).  Demonstrated business savvy and effective communication skills (relevant for a technical audience).  Authorization to work in the United States.  Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Research Scientists at Google work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with researchers at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new learning algorithms, Research Scientists work on challenges in machine perception, data mining, machine learning, and natural language understanding. As a Google Research Scientist, you will continue to be an active contributor to the wider research community by collaborating with academic researchers and by publishing papers.  Researchers on the Google Brain team have the freedom to set their research agenda and to engage as much or as little as they wish with existing products, choosing between doing more basic, methodological research or more applied research as necessary to produce the most compelling results. Because many of the advances we develop today may take years to become useful, the team as a whole maintains a portfolio of projects across this spectrum. It is our philosophy that making substantive progress on hard applications can help drive and sharpen the research questions we study, and in turn scientific breakthroughs can spawn entirely new applications.  The Google Brain team’s research focuses on methods that can learn multiple layers of rich, non-linear feature extractors and can scale to large amounts of data. Much of our work is best understood as part of the deep learning subfield of machine learning, but we are interested in any methods capable of efficient and effective feature learning that get good results on challenging problems. We have resources and access to projects impossible to find elsewhere. Our broad and fundamental research goals allow us to collaborate closely with and–contribute uniquely to–many different product teams across the company.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence)   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Python  Contributions to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers in machine learning venues (e.g: JMLR, ICLR, NIPS, ICML, ACL and CVPR)     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab  Strong publication record  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  Leaders in Data Science can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique hybrid role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of leadership, creating visual displays of quantitative information. Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional partners to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Develop a vision and roadmap for analytics across a product or functional group.  Own relationships with executive stakeholders across Google Engineering.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  8 years of relevant experience in an analytical function.  Experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.).  Experience with articulating product questions, pulling data from datasets (SQL) and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS or Master's degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences).  Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and design of ETL flows.  Work experience in an inter-disciplinary/cross-functional field.  Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and impeccable business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations. Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Do you want to help Google build next-generation web applications like Inbox, Gmail, Google Search, Google Maps and more? As a Front End Software Engineer at Google, you will specialize in building responsive and elegant web applications that scale to millions of users in dozens of languages.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of work experience.  Experience in JavaScript, and one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python or Go.  Experience with front end technologies and/or front end frameworks.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience developing user-facing software.  Experience with the latest and greatest web standards, including HTML5 and CSS3.  Knowledge of web libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, Polymer, Closure or Backbone.  Strong sense of web design and attuned to the fundamentals of user experience.  Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.  An understanding of the principles of accessibility and can build products that are accessible to users with disabilities.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Technical Solutions Engineer, you will combine software development, networking, and systems administration expertise with an aptitude for technical advising, troubleshooting and analysis. You will work across multiple customer-facing teams to improve the product's vision and to make global businesses and organizations successful. You are a technical solutions expert, helping Googlers and customers approach and resolve technology problems and design Google-scale services. Engineering great support with our Cloud TSE team  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Diagnose and resolve customer problems for Google Cloud Platform products; Engineer and implement new operations, productivity and investigation tools to increase efficiency for Technical Solutions Engineering.  Act as a consultant and subject matter expert for Product Managers, Software Engineering teams, Sales Engineers, Site Reliability Engineers, and Strategic Customer Engineers to resolve technical deployment obstacles and improve the product's vision.  Obtain and maintain an in-depth understanding of Google's product technology and underlying hardware and software architectures, to build in-product self-service solutions.  Work closely with multiple Product Management and Software Engineering teams on understanding ways to improve the product, and interact with our Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) teams to drive production excellence.  Be an advocate for our customers in representing their issues to Product Management and Software Engineering and develop innovative ways to resolve issues.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of industry experience in technical support, professional services, engineering, sustaining engineering or systems engineering.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL database administration, Google App Engine, cloud networking solutions and/or distributed computing technology.  Experience developing web applications with Python, Go or Java.  Strong network administration and troubleshooting skills; good understanding of Linux system administration.  Strong understanding of web development protocols (i.e. HTML5, AJAX, XML, JSON, RFCs 2109/2965, 1945/2616).  Understanding of Unix/Linux or Windows systems from kernel to shell and beyond, taking in system libraries, file systems and client-server protocols along the way.  Outstanding account management, follow-through, resourcefulness, attention to detail and verbal and written communication skills.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  You can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique hybrid role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of stakeholders, creating visual displays of quantitative information.  Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Help Google to focus on key decisions to improve products and services.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.)  Experience with articulating product questions, pulling data from datasets (SQL) and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS or Master's degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences)  Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and design of ETL flows  Work experience in an inter-disciplinary/cross-functional field.  Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and impeccable business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations. Strong written and verbal communication skills.  As a Data Scientist, you will evaluate and improve Google's products. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving consumer products, and understanding the behavior of end-users, advertisers, and publishers.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, data scientists not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.  Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products.  Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.  Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).  2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).  Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications.  4 years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a statistician / computational biologist / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included.  Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.  Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.  Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.  Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of work or educational experience in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python  4 years of relevant work experience, including software development experience, or 1 year of relevant work experience with a PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field.   Experience with one or more of the following:  Natural Language Processing, text understanding, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  As a Software Engineer working on Android mobile applications, you’ll drive new innovations and build beautiful user experiences. You’ll work with mobile developers and resources to drive the next generation of apps at Google.  You will develop applications primarily in Java and using the Android Software Development Kit (SDK). You might design and develop open-source Android applications that are part of the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) or closed-source Google applications that are the interface to Google services on Android.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of professional software development experience.  Experience with mobile application development or Android framework development.  Programming experience in Java.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience building Android applications.  Experience in API design, performance optimization, client architecture or tools in the mobile space.  Mobile application development experience.  Experience with Kotlin.  Knowledge of the Android SDK performance tools and optimization techniques.  Passion for shipping consumer facing, high quality, mobile products.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Help build a world class team and cultivate innovation.  Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  10 years of relevant work experience, or 5 years of relevant work experience with a PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience in Software Development in one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, Java, Python, JavaScript, C#, Go, Objective-C and/or Swift.  Experience architecting and developing large scale design.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.   Experience working with one or more from the following:  Infrastructure, Machine Learning, Mobile Application Development, Embedded Systems, Front End Development, Security and Privacy.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  As a Cloud Developer Programs Engineer (DPE), you stand at the intersection of a technology movement shaping our world - between the people who build it and the customers who use it. Developer Programs Engineers (DPEs) are the engineering wing of Developer Relations. We ensure that Google Cloud and related open source projects like Kubernetes, Beam and TensorFlow are amazing for developers. As "customer zero" we're the first developers to use upcoming services. We provide feedback on API design, platform consistency and functionality. We write sample code and work with our technical writing teams to produce developer documentation, quickstarts and tutorials. We release open source code, participate in developer forums and help troubleshoot developer problems.  You're a phenomenal engineer who loves to produce great code that is an example for those who come after yo and crave customer interaction. You love learning new concepts and then finding innovative ways to teach those concepts to others.  In this role, you will work on our Machine Learning products and this is one of the most exciting and fastest-growing areas of Google Cloud Platform. To be successful in this role, you have experience in one or more of the following areas: Running machine learning training and prediction using a framework like TensorFlow, Torch, Theano or Caffe. Performing Machine Learning in R or scikit-learn and analyzing large datasets using using analytical databases (e.g. BigQuery or Redshift) and processing large datasets using tools like Hadoop, Spark or Beam.  Products covered by this role include BigTable, BigQuery, Cloud Machine Learning, Machine Learning APIs (Vision, Speech, Natural Language, Translation), Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Dataproc and Cloud Datalab.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Contribute to and manage open source projects. Assist third-party developers in troubleshooting their integrations with Google APIs and use of other Google developer products online (e.g. through GitHub or Stack Overflow).  Manage and participate in developer discussion forums, and work to address issues raised in these forums.  Participate in building strong developer communities, publishing blog posts/guides and promoting our APIs.  Advocate for developers internally, and influence Google developer product strategy by working with Product Management, Engineering, PR, Marketing, Business Development and other cross-functional teams.  Contribute to API design and developer experience of Google products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of experience in software engineering, and coding experience in Python.  Experience working directly with third-party developers.  Experience in Deep Learning.     Preferred qualifications:   MS/PhD degree in Computer Science or related technical field.  5 years of relevant work experience in software engineering.  Experience designing APIs. Experience as a contributor to an open source project. Contributor to communities such as GitHub and/or Stack Overflow.  Industry experience in Deep Learning, Cafe, Big Data in R, and/or Machine Learning. Experience in Distributed Deep Neural Networks.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager Intern at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.    Using your technical and leadership expertise, you run Engineering-focused projects that are well-defined under supervision.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with Google Engineering teams to design, develop, implement, launch, and support new services and enhancements to existing services.  Develop and execute plans under a set of implementation and delivery time constraints, optimizing for a blend of cost, schedule, and features.  Collect and analyze relevant data and take actions accordingly.  Facilitate broad collaboration with clear communications and documentation.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Go or Python.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.  Experience writing code and contributing to open source projects.  Analytical and solution-oriented background, with great people skills and structured problem solving capabilities.  Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels.  Effective analytical, problem-solving and organizational skills.  Authorization to work in the United States.  As a Cloud Application Engineer, you will work with customers to transform existing applications into cloud native applications by providing application design guidance, proposing and testing cloud native APIs, containerizing existing applications, and rewriting applications in platform as a service products like Google App Engine. You will work with customers on new application design and implementation including application scaling, reliability, and ongoing operations such as application and feature rollouts monitoring and more. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  In this role you are the Google Engineer working with Google's most strategic Cloud customers. Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted strategic technical advisor to Google’s most strategic customers.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time.  Communicate effectively via video conferencing for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience architecting, developing software, or internet scale production-grade cloud solutions in virtualized environments such as Amazon Web Services, Azure and Google Cloud Platform.  Experience writing software in one or more languages such as Java, C++, Python, Go, JavaScript, or similar.  Experience working with technical customers and relevant experience in technical consulting.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with open source server application software (like NGINX, RabbitMQ) and event driven architectures (utilizing tools such as Pub/Sub, NodeJS, Serverless).  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Experience with build and deployment automation and continuous integration systems (such as Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity).  Experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL data stores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr).  Knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI).  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to handle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Since its inception, Google has built products that change the way people all over the world live and access information - looking up recipes, finding their favorite song, turn-by-turn directions, checking their email, and so much more. How and where people view this information continues to change as the world becomes an increasingly mobile place.  As an Android Applications Software Engineer, you’ll drive new innovations and build beautiful user experiences on the largest mobile platform in the world. You’ll work with world-class mobile developers and resources to drive the next generation of apps at Google. Whether building native applications on Google’s core products and services - Search, Gmail, YouTube - or pioneering new visions - like Android Auto, Android Things, Android Security, Android Platform, Google Now on Tap, Android Wear, Cardboard - you’ll impact people’s lives wherever they interact with our products - in their homes, on the go, or someplace in between!  You will develop applications primarily in Java and using the Android SDK. You might design and develop open-source Android applications that are part of the Android Open Source Project or closed-source Google applications that are the interface to Google services on Android.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design and implement new user-facing features in Google’s products.  Build the libraries and frameworks that support large, complex web applications like Gmail, Google Search and Google Maps.  Write scalable, performant server-side code. Build on top of our infrastructure to create the services that support an amazing mobile experience.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant work experience in software development.  1 year of relevant Android programming experience.  Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.     Preferred qualifications:   1 year of Android application development experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, C#, Python, JavaScript, Go, Objective-C, Swift.  Knowledge of the Android SDK performance tools and optimization techniques.  Interest and ability to learn other programming languages as needed.  As a Strategic Cloud Engineer, you will be the named Google engineer working with the most strategic cloud customers. You will ensure that the experience building and maintaining applications in Google Cloud Platform is amazing. You are responsible for rapid and accurate resolution of technical challenges, lead implementations and integration of custom features. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Cloud technical challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel regularly (up to 30%, although we also frequently use video conferencing) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.   Experience with any of the following:  distributed compute environments, application development, mobile development, big data analytics, cloud computing including virtualization, hosted services, multi tenant cloud infrastructures, storage systems and content delivery networks.  Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++, or similar.  Experience working in customer-facing technical roles.     Preferred qualifications:   Working knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI)  Hands-on experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL datastores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr)  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Hands-on experience in big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experiences in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as Hadoop, NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Tensorflow).   Note:  By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA  Responsibilities  Become a trusted technical advisor to customers and overcome complex implementation challenges.  Create and deliver best practice recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time in-region for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience writing scripts in one or more languages such as Python, Go and/or similar.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical consultant or advisor, or equivalent client-facing engineering or technical consulting experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with hosted services and/or multi-tenant cloud infrastructures.  Experience with email administration, routing and hygiene with industry standard products.  Understanding of common enterprise directory administration systems such as Active Directory, OpenLDAP, and/or Domino Directory.  Understanding networking fundamentals and common enterprise networking architectures.  Familiarity with IT security practices such as identity and access management, device management and data protection.  Effective customer-facing communication and presentation skills.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You have proven experience coaching and mentoring others, excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, software development cycle and SQL-based relational databases. Your expertise and presentation skills will be on display as you engage with partners to understand their business and technical requirements, and persuasively present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with Partner Development Managers and Partner Sales Managers to develop our Google Cloud ecosystem. You will help prospective partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business – all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers – developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies – see the benefits of our technology come to life.  From startups building their first app to billion-user consumer companies crunching big data, the Google Cloud Platform gives developers and businesses the most advanced data and analytics solution on the market, along with Google's secure, high performance infrastructure. Our team of technical account managers and software engineers work with partners across all functions to develop solutions that harness Google's planet-wide platform to solve the world's most challenging problems.  Responsibilities  Work with partner managers to identify and qualify partnership opportunities  Own the technical relationship with Google’s partners, empowering them on managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Work with partners to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to partner sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a Technical Sales Engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer and/or partner-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services, solutions architect or systems engineering team).  Experience with cloud computing concepts such as Big Data, PaaS and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Experience leading teams with a strong focus on coaching and mentoring.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - relating to big data trends and challenges within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand and work with new and emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  In our User Experience (UX) teams, UX Researchers partner with Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, and Googlers across the company to improve the user experience and drive product excellence. Quantitative UX Researchers conduct empirical research using methods from computer science, quantitative social science, statistics, econometrics, and other fields to understand user behavior and extract meaningful patterns from large data sets.  In this role, you'll combine skills in experimental design, statistical analysis, programming, and human-computer interaction to improve user experience. As a key member of a product team, you work with stakeholders across functions and levels. You solve challenging problems and empower the team to move forward by developing metrics, measuring results, and integrating new methodologies into existing systems. You'll do more than just crunch numbers though: through reports and team engagement, you'll provide a UX perspective on quantitative data to help stakeholders understand their users.  Coming up with solutions is only one part of your job. Equally important is to identify and quantify problems, and to embark on new research areas worth exploring through innovative methods. As such, you'll apply principles of rigorous and ethical research to build and improve products in order to satisfy users' needs and exceeding their expectations.  User experience (UX) is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users’ needs, behaviors, and emotions to yield insights that inform product strategy and guide the design of the experiences we create. Our multidisciplinary UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and performance. We collaborate closely with product managers, software engineers, and many others to solve complex challenges and craft powerful experiences that highlight our products’ unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Google’s philosophy: “Focus on the user and all else will follow.”  Responsibilities  Define and measure quantitative UX goals and metrics in collaboration with Designers, Qualitative Researchers, Engineers and Product Managers.  Examine existing data and product designs to generate hypotheses and plans for high-impact research.  Prioritize and drive research to improve user experience.  Develop code and statistical models to understand user experience.  Drive change by communicating findings to stakeholders in the company. Make research findings convincing and actionable for both research experts and non-experts.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Statistics, Psychology or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in an applied research setting.  Experience in a programming language commonly used for data manipulation and computational statistics (such as Python, R, Matlab, C++, Java or Go), and in SQL.     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, Statistics or a related field.  5 years of relevant work experience with User Experience or Human-Computer Interaction teams.  Expertise in multivariate statistics and the design of experiments.  Proficiency in programming computational and statistical algorithms for large data sets.  Track record of demonstrating excellent command of research questions within a given domain, and of technical tools for the analysis of data within that field.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  In this role, you will focus on security and/or privacy engineering for components of our systems, such as client devices, networking equipment and server infrastructure, with an emphasis on threats from all sources. You will be building large-scale systems to protect Google's users and cloud customers, including; hardening our core infrastructure, detecting intrusion attempts, monitoring privileged user activity, providing identity and access management services, or preventing malware across various platforms.  At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security.  Responsibilities  Research, design and apply advanced security techniques.  Design and engineer cloud security services and infrastructure.  Develop advanced security and cryptographic systems.  Build large-scale detection systems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science.  4 years of experience designing and implementing software systems in Java, C, C++ and/or Python, including experience designing security solutions for operating systems and distributed systems.  Experience in applications security, cryptography, network security, systems security or malware analysis.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services—from inception and design, through to deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field involving systems engineering (e.g. Physics or Mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl, Ruby, shell scripting.  Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems internals and administration (e.g. filesystems, inodes, system calls, etc) or networking (e.g. TCP/IP, routing, network topologies and hardware, SDN, etc).     Preferred qualifications:   Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with effective communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Ability to debug and optimize code and to automate routine tasks.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.  Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance. SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work. SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success.  Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.   To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  As a Site Reliability Engineer, you will be responsible for the stable operation of Waze systems. You will be working with open source solutions for continuous integration and deployment. You will be automating developer deployment process and managing security in the cloud. You will also be reviewing and integrating new services and preparing them for large scale usage.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services—from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving systems engineering (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl, Ruby or shell scripting.  Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems internals and administration (e.g., filesystems, inodes, system calls).     Preferred qualifications:   Expertise in managing Cloud based large-scale infrastructure.  Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a member of Google Cloud’s Global Technology Partner team, you will have the opportunity to manage innovative programs that are focused on the success of our expanding ecosystem of Technology Partners. We are looking for a motivated, well-organized program owner to work on partner programs from development and definition through to commercialization. This role provides an excellent growth opportunity for individuals looking to contribute to first of their kind, industry changing programs that attract, incubate and scale successful Technology Partners around the world.  As a member of this team, you'll be working to develop and support strategic enterprise partnerships and to cultivate the partner ecosystem across all Google Cloud products. We work closely with external partners and across Google’s Product Management, Engineering, Marketing, Sales and Operations teams, along with all customer-facing organizations, in order to foster tight integration between our partners and enterprise customers in all industry segments across the globe. Through these programs we seek to develop joint success with our partners, enabling them to be Go-to-Market force multipliers, resulting in a thriving ecosystem aligned by the goal of delighting customers.  In this role, you will be responsible for managing a broad set of highly strategic partner programs, along with innovative partner engagement models, incentives, investments, program assets and coordination across the extended Google Cloud team.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Manage a number of current and future programs designed to support the Global Technology Partner ecosystem. This includes, but is not limited to, optimizing existing programs for efficiency and maximizing the impact of each program to generate greater returns for our partners.  Analyze program metrics to evaluate the impact these programs have on the partner ecosystem and how well these programs contribute to adoption of Google Cloud. Compile key insights/data to provide strategic program recommendations to the Google Cloud leadership team.  Cultivate strong working relationships with cross-functional and cross-geography teams to maximize the adoption of our Global Technology Partner programs.  Engage with the stakeholders across various partner teams and organizations to ensure the needs of their partners and customers are fulfilled by our Google Technology Partner programs.  Contribute to weekly program updates that include progress toward goals, impact to the business and partner satisfaction.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of Program Management or Strategic Partner Management experience, leading projects or partner management.  Experience in working with/on cross-functional and international teams and projects.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA degree or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in managing complex tasks with tight time constraints.  Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and to work effectively in a fast-paced environment.  Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels.  Ability to manage multiple projects while maintaining a careful attention to detail.  Effective analytical, communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to take initiative and build productive relationships.  The Google Cloud team helps companies, schools, and government seamlessly make the switch to Google products and supports them along the way. You swiftly problem-solve technical issues for customers to show how our products can make businesses more productive, collaborative, and innovative. You work closely with a cross-functional team of web developers and systems administrators, not to mention a variety of both regional and international customers. Your relationships with customers are crucial in helping Google grow its Google Cloud business and in bringing our product portfolio into companies around the world.  Google Cloud is building the next compute platform with a global reach and massive compute power for a new generation of enterprise computing. As a member of the Google Cloud Partner Engineering team, you will lead complex, multi-disciplinary integration projects using your engineering expertise. You will engage with a wide range of software and infrastructure technology providers to build solutions on our platform.  Enable the next wave of cloud adoption by building the bridge for existing technologies that power the businesses of today. Google Cloud Platform is revolutionizing the world of cloud computing. You will tap your technology expertise to build scalable solutions that enable partners and customers to fully utilize Google technology. You will be the technology advocate for our partners with product and engineering teams inside Google accelerating integration projects.  From startups building their first app to billion-user consumer companies crunching big data, the Google Cloud Platform gives developers and businesses the most advanced data and analytics solution on the market, along with Google's secure, high performance infrastructure. Our team of technical account managers and software engineers work with partners across all functions to develop solutions that harness Google's planet-wide platform to solve the world's most challenging problems.  Responsibilities  Work closely with technology partners, enable them to offer their technology and services on Google Cloud Platform.  Develop partner solutions for the Google Cloud Platform.  Increase the velocity of solution launches through automation.  Identify new product features and feature gaps, provide guidance on existing product issues, and collaborate with Solutions Architects and Engineers to influence the growth of Google Cloud Platform.  Identify technical dependencies and roadblocks for the customer and work with cross-functional teams to remove them. Learn new technologies and apply them in real-world, non-trivial situations.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in writing software in one or more languages (e.g. Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++, etc).  Experience working with external partners and driving cross-functional technical projects.   Experience with web technology:  Development, Sysadmin, Setup, Configuration and Deployment.     Preferred qualifications:   MS/PhD degree in Computer Science, Math or Engineering, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in designing and implementing cloud based solution architectures for PaaS, IaaS or SaaS. Experience using Google or other cloud products.  Experience with popular open source software (e.g. as Cassandra, MongoDB, RabbitMQ etc.) and Enterprise Content Management or Business Applications (CRM, ERP, etc).  Experience with private and public cloud design considerations and limitations in the areas of virtualization and global infrastructure, distributed systems, load balancing and networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce and security.   Developer Operations experience:  Linux and Windows Administration; Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Python and PowerShell.  Experience operating with cross-functional teams (Product, Engineering, Network Operations, Sales, Marketing, Developer Relations, and Business Development).  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Technical Solutions Engineer, you will combine software development, networking, and systems administration expertise with an aptitude for technical advising, troubleshooting and analysis. You will work across multiple customer-facing teams to improve the product's vision and to make global businesses and organizations successful. You are a technical solutions expert, helping Googlers and customers approach and resolve technology problems and design Google-scale services. Engineering great support with our Cloud TSE team  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Diagnose and resolve customer problems for Google Cloud Platform products; Engineer and implement new operations, productivity and investigation tools to increase efficiency for Technical Solutions Engineering.  Act as a consultant and subject matter expert for Product Managers, Software Engineering teams, Sales Engineers, Site Reliability Engineers, and Strategic Customer Engineers to resolve technical deployment obstacles and improve the product's vision.  Obtain and maintain an in-depth understanding of Google's product technology and underlying hardware and software architectures, to build in-product self-service solutions.  Work closely with multiple Product Management and Software Engineering teams on understanding ways to improve the product, and interact with our Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) teams to drive production excellence.  Be an advocate for our customers in representing their issues to Product Management and Software Engineering and develop innovative ways to resolve issues.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of industry experience in technical support, professional services, engineering, sustaining engineering or systems engineering.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL database administration, Google App Engine, cloud networking solutions and/or distributed computing technology.  Experience developing web applications with Python, Go or Java.  Strong network administration and troubleshooting skills; good understanding of Linux system administration.  Strong understanding of web development protocols (i.e. HTML5, AJAX, XML, JSON, RFCs 2109/2965, 1945/2616).  Understanding of Unix/Linux or Windows systems from kernel to shell and beyond, taking in system libraries, file systems and client-server protocols along the way.  Outstanding account management, follow-through, resourcefulness, attention to detail and verbal and written communication skills.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  The Google Cloud Professional Services Team is responsible for bringing Google’s most strategic customers to G Suite and Google Cloud Platform. We solve the most challenging and complex technical issues ranging from onboarding our customers to improving their use of Google Cloud while ensuring Google-standard engineering practices along the way.  As a Software Solutions Engineer you will be a full-stack developer with a proven track record of delivering strongly engineered applications and tools using cloud technologies. You will be capable of designing and developing significant new functionality as well as long lasting and scalable infrastructure services.  With your technical expertise you manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software products. You will also have excellent communication skills, as you will interact frequently and closely with our stakeholders from around the world and across different functions.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Be a strong communicator, leader, and advocate for our customers. Deliver highly scalable and reliable business solutions to customers and partners.  Work in partnership with the product team and other stakeholders to produce high quality and specific requirements.  Write high quality designs that document technical alternatives and make sound engineering decisions across known and unknown interacting systems.  Provide estimates and dependencies for engineering tasks. Deliver highly scalable and reliable software applications.  Be able to lead all aspects of development including design, task allocation, implementation, testing, documentation, ongoing support and maintenance.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Math, or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of web development experience with Java, Python, and/or Go.  Experience with large systems software design including storage, networking, deployment, and scaling methodologies.  Web UI development experience with HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, CSS and similar technologies.     Preferred qualifications:   Demonstrated programming experience in Java, Python, and/or Go.  Experience with Google Cloud Platform and its suite of serving, hosting, and storage services.  Experience in Computer Science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design optimized for large-scale distributed software systems.  Experience engaging, working, and communicating with external customers in a professional manner.  Scripting skills in Perl, Shell or another common language.  Systems Administrators embrace Google's motto to ensure millions of users can access the world's information without a glitch. As a Systems Administrator at Google, you own and support the needs of one of Google's server infrastructure systems. You're highly technical and work directly with other server and service owners to ensure reliability and sustainability of the Google service infrastructure as well as compliance with internal policies. Success in this role means you are able to support servers in a mixed operating system environment and work efficiently with our internal technology providers as well as other operations groups. Googlers rely on your guidance when it comes to design decisions so you'll have a direct impact in keeping the business productive.  The Google Compute Engine Guest OS Image team sits at the top of the virtualization stack maintaining the operating system images, OS vendor relationships, guest software, tools, and platform integration that make Google Cloud Platform a more viable platform for our growing Enterprise user base.  You are an experienced system administrator or system engineer who has been involved in both operational and engineering roles and can help build out these integrations in a way that makes sense for this user base. You have experience with config management, package management, automated deployment and testing systems, open source tooling, Linux systems, Windows systems, and large scale deployments in Cloud or other virtual environments is critical to building the right features for our users.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Own the cloud OS update infrastructure  Address customer issues to improve the feature usability and adoption  Collaborate with internal and external partners to deliver features, and issues follow-up  Be involved in operation and engineering efforts to build out GCE images, software and tooling integration  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience implementing, troubleshooting, and supporting the Unix/Linux operating system, Internet-based applications, and web servers.  Experience with scripting and actively writing/modifying code to improve monitoring or deployment (Python, Go, Perl, Java, C, Shell, etc).  Experience with TCP/IP networking (DNS, DHCP, etc).     Preferred qualifications:   10 years of experience implementing, troubleshooting, and supporting the Unix/Linux operating system, Internet-based applications, and web servers.  Fluency in multiple programming languages.  Excellent customer service, leadership, organizational, communication and interface skills.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, executive speaker series, and community-building. This program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal - which requires research, awareness, interactivity, and asking questions.  From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. We focus on being a collaborative, global organization consisting of engineers who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on our core products and services as well as those who support critical functions of our engineering operations. Depending on your background and experience, you will be working in one of the following areas:  Product and Systems Development  Whether it's finding new and innovative ways to advance search quality, building computing platform and networking technologies, automating the indexing of videos, or continuing to refine and scale complex auction systems (just to name a few), you will be developing solutions to some of the most challenging technical problems out there. You will research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offerings and collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Examples of specialist domains: UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, security, embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers).  Engineering Productivity  As a Software Engineer in the Engineering Productivity organization, you'll use your software design, analysis and programming skills to create innovative automated test systems. The test team undertakes a broad range of challenges on a daily basis, designing and building intelligent systems that can explore various use cases and scenarios for distributed computing infrastructure. Just imagine trying to design and build an automated testing system for something that's never been done before.  Site Reliability  Software Engineers working in Site Reliability are involved in every facet of Google's production and work on the cutting edge of cloud-based computing. As a member of this team you are in the thick of everything involved with keeping Google running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. Software engineers on this team love to create robust and scalable software that scale to tens of millions of users. You will handle challenging, novel situations every day, and work with just about every other engineering and operations team to provide services and applications that are quintessentially Google - fast, reliable and accessible to all.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world problems.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.  Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor's or Master’s degree program in Computer Science or related technical field and returning to a full-time degree program after completion of the internship.  Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms; experience with algorithms, using data structures to solve problems, and interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Experience writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python (e.g., remove duplicate elements from a list).  Experience with linear coding and use language features when necessary (e.g., data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in 2019.  Previous tech internships or demonstrated work experience (i.e. research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.) programming in two or more of the following languages: C, C++ Java, JavaScript, or Python.  Ability to develop thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing).  Ability to manipulate code to improve system availability and latency and optimize code for stability, functionality and scalability for a segment of Google's infrastructure, service area, or within a technology domain (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Ability to isolate problems to a database subsystem.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services—from inception and design, through to deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field involving coding (e.g. Physics or Mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl, Ruby.     Preferred qualifications:   Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with effective communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Ability to debug and optimize code and to automate routine tasks.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  As a Site Reliability Engineer, you will be responsible for the stable operation of Waze systems. You will be working with open source solutions for continuous integration and deployment. You will be automating developer deployment process and managing security in the cloud. You will also be reviewing and integrating new services and preparing them for large scale usage.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services—from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl or Ruby.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in Java.  Experience managing Cloud based large-scale infrastructure.  Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week internship that will take place Summer 2018.  Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in your best interest to apply early. All hiring will be completed by March 2018. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.  At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security.  There's no such thing as a "safe system" - only safer systems. Our Security team works to create and maintain the safest operating environment for Google's users and developers. As a Security Engineer Intern, you help protect network boundaries, keep computer systems and network devices hardened against attacks and provide security services to protect highly sensitive data like passwords and customer information. Security Engineers work with a broad range of devices, actively monitoring our systems for attacks and intrusions. We focus on the offensive/testing side and work with software engineers to proactively identify and fix security flaws and vulnerabilities. We also build tools, scripts and other automation to help our project teams achieve Google-scale impact.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Responsibilities may vary by area.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science, Information Security or a related technical field.  Enrolled in a full- time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Coding experience in one or more general purpose languages.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Security or a related technical field.  Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Knowledge of attacks and mitigation methods, with knowledge in two or more of the following: Network protocols and secure network design; Operating system internals and hardening (e.g. Windows, Linux, OS X, Android); Web application and browser security; Security assessments and penetration testing; Authentication and access control; Applied cryptography and security protocols; Security monitoring and intrusion detection; Incident response and forensics; Development of security tools, automation or frameworks.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  You are a passionate iOS application developer who is excited about joining a team that is execution-oriented, fast-moving and running on agile methodology. Additionally, you will develop consumer-facing mobile applications that are the interface to Google services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Serve as a key technical resource for building mobile applications and APIs.  Support the testing and launching efforts of new Internet-based products.  Participate in on-call duties to keep software systems up and running.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years relevant work experience in software development.  Experience building iOS Apps using Objective-C/Swift and/or experience building Android Apps using Java/C++  Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.     Preferred qualifications:   MS/PhD in Computer Science or industry related experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience in developing or integrating with large-scale web applications  Deep technical knowledge of iOS mobile application development.  Knowledge of UI Frameworks, MVP application design and complex, reactive touch based UI.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Software Engineer working on Google's infrastructure, you have the opportunity to work on everything from the core platform that runs the world's largest distributed network to redefining the systems that allow applications and services to provide useful information to billions of users around the globe. From our Data Center software groups to Google's Cloud Platform, Gmail to YouTube, our infrastructure engineers across departments wrestle with the vast scale of a ubiquitous system, its products, and services and revolutionize industry leading technologies to handle the sheer magnitude at which Google operates.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your strong background in distributed systems and large scale storage systems.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Professional coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python or Go.  Experience architecting and developing large scale distributed systems. Experience in concurrency, multithreading and synchronization.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science.  Experience with Unix/Linux environments.  Experience with TCP/IP and network programming.  Experience with database internals, database language theories, database design, SQL and database programming.  Understanding of technologies such as virtualization and global infrastructure, load balancing, networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce and security.  Interest or exposure to networking technologies/concepts such as Software Defined Networking (SDN) and OpenFlow.  As an AI Engineer, you will contribute to Google’s innovations on the delivery of AI and Machine Learning (ML) solutions for our customers and Partners. You will design new and innovative AI and Machine Learning solutions to enable digital transformation for our customers and Partners. You will co-develop AI and Machine Learning solutions with Google Partners, including Independent Software Vendors (ISVs), SaaS vendors and System Integrators (SIs). You will maintain close partnership with Google’s Cloud AI Engineering teams to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  In addition, you will apply your new AI solutions by working with Google’s most strategic Cloud customers. To this end you will design and implement AI and Machine Learning solutions for customers using core Google products including TensorFlow, DataFlow, and Cloud ML Engine. You will work with customers to identify opportunities to identify and apply AI and Machine Learning in their business. This involves travel to customer sites to implement solutions and deliver workshops to educate and empower customers.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring and more. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Machine Learning challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Design innovative AI and Machine Learning solutions for Google customers and Partners. Deliver high quality solutions in the face of ambiguity.  Manage thought leadership and influence on AI and Machine Learning. Develop process improvements for delivery of AI and Machine Learning models.  Travel globally up to 60% of the time.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience writing software in one or more languages such as Python, Scala, R and/or similar. Experience working with data structures, algorithms and software design.  Hands-on experience building machine learning solutions.  Experience working with technical customers and senior management.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with deep learning frameworks (such as TensorFlow, Keras, Torch, Caffe, Theano, H20, etc.)  Experience working across organizational boundaries, and relevant experience in technical consulting.  Experience working with recommendation engines, data pipelines and/or distributed Machine Learning.  Knowledge of data warehousing concepts, including data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ELT and reporting/analytic tools and environments (such as Apache Beam, Hadoop, Spark, Pig, Hive, MapReduce, Flume).  Effective leadership and influencing skills in the application of AI or Machine Learning.  We follow a simple but vital premise in the User Experience group: "Focus on the user and all else will follow." We're ardently interested in our users and strive to learn everything we can about their behaviors, attitudes and emotions to help define the products and experiences we create. The User Experience team is a critical driving force behind gathering these insights and then using them to inspire and inform design. We are a multi-disciplinary team of interaction designers, visual designers, user researchers, copywriters and Web developers who collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create innovative, usable, great-looking products that people love to use.  UX Researchers learn what people need and want from our products and services and evaluate user experience. As a UX Researcher, you conduct independent research, analyze real user behavior and work with User Experience Designers, Products Managers, and Engineers to improve our product features and develop new ones. Your work spans across all of Google's products, and you are encouraged to identify new opportunities for user experience improvements. We strive to connect users to the magic of our products, and your job is to make that connection intuitive and accessible.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design and conduct user studies to gauge the usability of new and existing Google features.  Make concrete, data-driven recommendations for change based on your findings.  Communicate with team members throughout the process.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in human computer interaction, cognitive psychology, information science, statistics, data science, or a related field, and graduating in 2018, 2019 or 2020.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after completion of the internship.  Experience conducting user research.  Authorization to work in the United States.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a MS or PhD in human computer interaction, cognitive psychology, information science, statistics, data science, or a related field, and graduating in 2018, 2019 or 2020.  Relevant work/project experience in an applied research setting including but not limited to integrating user research into product designs and design practices.  Knowledge of statistics and the principles of experiment design.  Strong understanding of strengths and shortcomings of different research methods, including when and how to apply them during each product phase.  Excellent analytical, interpersonal, communication, negotiation and collaboration skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Do you want to help Google build next-generation web applications like Gmail, Google Search, Google Maps, and Google+? As a Front End Software Engineer at Google, you will specialize in building responsive and elegant web applications that scale to millions of users in dozens of languages.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design and implement new user-facing features in Google’s products.  Write client-side code for web-based applications, create fast, easy-to-use, high volume production applications, and develop prototypes quickly.  Optimize web applications to maximize speed and scale. Support diverse clients from high powered desktop computers to small footprint mobile devices.  Build the libraries and frameworks that support large, complex web applications like Gmail, Google Search, and Google Maps.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of working experience with client side web technologies (e.g. HTML, CSS, JavaScript, etc.)  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Ability to speak and write English fluently and idiomatically.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Training Solutions Consultant, you'll partner with our field organizations, in particular Professional Services and Sales, to enable them to have conversations with their customers around training. You will also implement best practices and support self-service tools and assets to ensure our customers have full knowledge of our training offerings.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create and maintain resources and tools with up to date information on training offerings.  Support our Professional Services and Sales teams in conducting training needs analysis conversations with their customers and build out a tailored Learning Plan.  Work closely with the Curriculum Development team to ensure you have full visibility of the training roadmap and communicate this to our external authorized trainers and training partners.  Advise the Marketing, Sales Enablement, Partner teams and Training Business leads on specific trainings to support new initiatives.  Support external trainer evaluations and internal training presentations.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working in a customer-facing role focused on cloud based technical solutions.  Experience in supporting teams with their conversations with customers on training.  Ability to travel up to 25% of the time, as required.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working in a role that involved building out technical training or learning plans.  Ability to work cross-functionally in a fast-paced environment.  Excellent written or oral communication skills.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  You can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique hybrid role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of stakeholders, creating visual displays of quantitative information.  Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Help Google to focus on key decisions to improve products and services.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.)  Experience with articulating product questions, pulling data from datasets (SQL) and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS or Master's degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences)  Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and design of ETL flows  Work experience in an inter-disciplinary/cross-functional field.  Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and impeccable business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations. Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Google's statisticians and quantitative analysts work within our Software Engineering organization, including Life Sciences, Geo, Project Aura, Technical Infrastructure, and Advertising. We analyze huge sets of data and continually run live experiments in order to help drive critical decisions at Google. Specifically, we support the development of innovative, highly scalable, next-generation technologies through deep research and advanced analysis.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Provide research on topics including Google's business model and novel search techniques.  Produce quantitative and qualitative modeling of business dynamics, user behavior, etc.  Identify areas for further investigation as well as creating innovative methods of analysis.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a PhD in statistics, biostatistics, computer science, mathematics, operations research, or another discipline involving experimental design and quantitative analysis of experimental data.  Must be enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience using technology to work with datasets such as scripting, Python, statistical software packages (R, S-Plus, SAS or similar).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, and sampling methods.  Strong track record of developing intellectual capital such as published works.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant work experience in software development.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Ability to speak and write English fluently and idiomatically.  Research in machine intelligence has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google Research &amp; Machine Intelligence teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning (including Deep Learning approaches like Google Brain) and Natural Language Understanding.  We’ve already been joined by some of the best minds, and we’re looking for talented Research Scientists that have applied experience in the fields of Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Machine Intelligence to join our team.  We do research differently here at Google. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in machine perception, data mining, machine learning, and natural language understanding. You stay connected to your research roots as an active contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and Research and Machine Intelligence teams have a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++ and/or Python.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Contribution to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including experience working within the industry or as a researcher in a lab.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Strong publication record.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  As a Data Center Operations Maintenance Program Manager, you will be responsible for delivering measurable improvements to our maintenance program through master data management and data quality. Our goal is to increase the overall effectiveness and efficiency of our facilities technicians in maintaining our critical data center assets.  Ultimately, we want to do the right maintenance, at the right time, for the right reasons. Managing our asset data in the most optimal manner and implementing accurate predictive maintenance techniques will enable us to achieve our business objectives.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Ensure end-to-end master data management of CMMS data and execute the end-to-end CMMS data governance strategy.  Establish, refine, and/or manage fleet wide asset data structure and standards related to maintenance.  Govern all data reporting, data fixes, data changes, data requests, and data collection efforts.  Implement field data collection techniques and/or tools to improve user experience and efficiency where required.  Lead and manage CMMS data audits and corresponding corrective actions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline such as finance, economics, statistics, science, or engineering, or equivalent practical experience.  7 years of project/program management experience OR experience in operations, manufacturing.  5 years of experience in data governance, analytics, query and report in SQL on focus areas and present data sets in business impactful approach.  Ability to travel globally 25% of the time as required to our data centers.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA, or graduate degree in a management or engineering field with an emphasis on operations.  10 years of relevant work experience in operations or manufacturing field.  Experience in the operation of data center, semiconductor, pharmaceutical, power, nuclear, or other 24X7 mission critical industries, including the military.  Fluency with Computerized Maintenance Management Systems (CMMS) or Enterprise Asset Management (EAM).  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As an Engineering Support Analytics Data Scientist, you will work on a variety of exciting projects in a fast growing organization with a lot of opportunities to handle complex problems that will require you to come up with creative solutions and models. You will be working on bringing together different data sets from across Google Cloud Platform and model data to unlock actionable insights and help stakeholders formulate and answer various business questions. You will collaborate closely with stakeholders from technical solutions engineering, product programs, vendor operations, support operations and support experience teams.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create, design and maintain reusable datasets with appropriate architecture to deal with high level of data input complexity.  Provide analytical decision making support for key projects. Proactively research new ways of modeling data to unlock actionable insights or improve processes.  Employ predictive analytics and/or machine learning to facilitate forecasting for a fast growing, global, 24/7 support operation.  Partner with non-technical stakeholders to understand their analytical needs, help frame the problem by asking the right questions, document and prioritize requirements. Clearly communicate results of complex technical work.  Contribute to the development of the analytical frameworks, tools, skills and culture for the team and the wider organization.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   3 years of experience as an analyst or in an analytical role.  Experience designing data models and building data structures (e.g. PRDs on collecting data, cross functional work with engineers).  Experience working with SQL and multiple datasets.  Experience with statistical data analysis (a/b tests, hypothesis testing, experiment setting, etc).     Preferred qualifications:   MBA/MS/MA/PhD degree with a quantitative focus (Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, or Accounting).  Experience with advanced analytical modeling and statistical forecasting techniques.  Ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Nest Software Engineer, you'll focus on state of the art machine learning systems. At Nest, you’ll be part of an engineering team focused on defining the smart home of the future. You'll be responsible to architect, design and implement the intelligence services which solve real world problems in everyday users’ lives.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Develop and test systems to analyze, train, deploy, and monitor new algorithms across a diverse set of input domains.  Collaborate within Google and 3rd party organizations on developing a smart home ecosystem.  Projects include large-scale data processing frameworks, real time data synchronization, integrating inputs from a wide variety of platforms, and the training and implementation of machine learning models.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience programming in C++ or Java.  3 years of experience with backend software development.     Preferred qualifications:   Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience designing, building, and debugging high quality distributed systems or backend services.  Experience with machine learning and data processing frameworks (e.g. Tensorflow, Apache Beam, Apache Storm, Apache Kafka).  Fluency in multiple programming languages.  Research in machine intelligence has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google Research &amp; Machine Intelligence teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning (including Deep Learning approaches like Google Brain) and Natural Language Understanding.  We’ve already been joined by some of the best minds, and we’re looking for talented Research Scientists that have applied experience in the fields of Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Machine Intelligence to join our team.  We do research differently here at Google. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in machine perception, data mining, machine learning, and natural language understanding. You stay connected to your research roots as an active contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and Research and Machine Intelligence teams have a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++ and/or Python.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Contribution to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including experience working within the industry or as a researcher in a lab.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Strong publication record.  As an AI Engineer, you will contribute to Google’s innovations on the delivery of AI and Machine Learning (ML) solutions for our customers and Partners. You will design new and innovative AI and Machine Learning solutions to enable digital transformation for our customers and Partners. You will co-develop AI and Machine Learning solutions with Google Partners, including Independent Software Vendors (ISVs), SaaS vendors and System Integrators (SIs). You will maintain close partnership with Google’s Cloud AI Engineering teams to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  In addition, you will apply your new AI solutions by working with Google’s most strategic Cloud customers. To this end you will design and implement AI and Machine Learning solutions for customers using core Google products including TensorFlow, DataFlow, and Cloud ML Engine. You will work with customers to identify opportunities to identify and apply AI and Machine Learning in their business. This involves travel to customer sites to implement solutions and deliver workshops to educate and empower customers.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring and more. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Machine Learning challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Design innovative AI and Machine Learning solutions for Google customers and Partners. Deliver high quality solutions in the face of ambiguity.  Manage thought leadership and influence on AI and Machine Learning. Develop process improvements for delivery of AI and Machine Learning models.  Travel globally up to 60% of the time.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience writing software in one or more languages such as Python, Scala, R and/or similar. Experience working with data structures, algorithms and software design.  Hands-on experience building machine learning solutions.  Experience working with technical customers and senior management.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with deep learning frameworks (such as TensorFlow, Keras, Torch, Caffe, Theano, H20, etc.)  Experience working across organizational boundaries, and relevant experience in technical consulting.  Experience working with recommendation engines, data pipelines and/or distributed Machine Learning.  Knowledge of data warehousing concepts, including data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ELT and reporting/analytic tools and environments (such as Apache Beam, Hadoop, Spark, Pig, Hive, MapReduce, Flume).  Effective leadership and influencing skills in the application of AI or Machine Learning.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Do you want to help Google build next-generation web applications like Inbox, Gmail, Google Search, Google Maps and more? As a Front End Software Engineer at Google, you will specialize in building responsive and elegant web applications that scale to millions of users in dozens of languages.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of work experience.  Experience in JavaScript, and one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python or Go.  Experience with front end technologies and/or front end frameworks.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience developing user-facing software.  Experience with the latest and greatest web standards, including HTML5 and CSS3.  Knowledge of web libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, Polymer, Closure or Backbone.  Strong sense of web design and attuned to the fundamentals of user experience.  Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.  An understanding of the principles of accessibility and can build products that are accessible to users with disabilities.  We follow a simple but vital premise in the User Experience group: "Focus on the user and all else will follow." We're ardently interested in our users and strive to learn everything we can about their behaviors, attitudes and emotions to help define the products and experiences we create. The User Experience team is a critical driving force behind gathering these insights and then using them to inspire and inform design. We are a multi-disciplinary team of interaction designers, visual designers, user researchers, copywriters and Web developers who collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create innovative, usable, great-looking products that people love to use.  UX Researchers learn what people need and want from our products and services and evaluate user experience. As a UX Researcher, you conduct independent research, analyze real user behavior and work with User Experience Designers, Products Managers, and Engineers to improve our product features and develop new ones. Your work spans across all of Google's products, and you are encouraged to identify new opportunities for user experience improvements. We strive to connect users to the magic of our products, and your job is to make that connection intuitive and accessible.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design and conduct user studies to gauge the usability of new and existing Google features.  Make concrete, data-driven recommendations for change based on your findings.  Communicate with team members throughout the process.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in human computer interaction, cognitive psychology, information science, statistics, data science, or a related field, and graduating in 2018, 2019 or 2020.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after completion of the internship.  Experience conducting user research.  Authorization to work in the United States.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a MS or PhD in human computer interaction, cognitive psychology, information science, statistics, data science, or a related field, and graduating in 2018, 2019 or 2020.  Relevant work/project experience in an applied research setting including but not limited to integrating user research into product designs and design practices.  Knowledge of statistics and the principles of experiment design.  Strong understanding of strengths and shortcomings of different research methods, including when and how to apply them during each product phase.  Excellent analytical, interpersonal, communication, negotiation and collaboration skills.  The Hardware Customer Care team engages with dedicated customers across the globe through our online resources and communities, social outreach, and 1:1 care. We represent the voice of the consumer and work closely with cross-functional partners across Google to make our products and policies better. We're looking for people with excellent analytical and communication skills who are passionate about the consumer and helping them get the most out of Google.  As a ground-floor member of data services team within business systems for the Hardware Support Operations team, you will gather, assess, and manage data about every part of Google’s support operations and transform it into strategic insights, analysis, and reporting. As a Data Analyst, you’ll be working hands-on with Product, Support, User Voice/Feedback and Operations data, shaping discussions on relevant metrics and data signals to define an excellent user support experience.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Work on data modeling, metric development, data prototyping, insights generation and recommendations using data mining and statistical techniques (going beyond traditional business intelligence) to drive User Support Experience.  Work with operations, product, engineering and support teams and help shape business objectives and prioritization using a well thought, methodical, data-driven approach.  Resolve ambiguous issues and find the insights that drive operational, support and product excellence.  Focus on results, be a self-starter and demonstrate success in using analytics to drive the understanding, progression and excellence in product and operations.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree with an emphasis on quantitative or technical work (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition and schema design. Experience designing data models and data warehouses, writing and maintaining ETLs which operate on structured and unstructured sources.  Experience working with and developing for non-technical users (defining requirements, explaining technical concepts to non-technical business users, etc.).  Experience in one or more visualization tools such as Tableau. Experience gathering reporting and analytics requirements from stakeholders, deriving business insights, and evaluating the impact of business decisions.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with Unix or GNU/Linux systems including shell scripting.  Familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C++, Ruby, etc.). Understanding of fundamental computing concepts including data structures and algorithms (including trees, graphs, file formats, algorithmic complexity).  Proficiency in a language for statistical computing (R, SAS, Stata).  Ability to prioritize multiple conflicting priorities while driving towards pragmatic decisions/actions.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  The Algorithms team is responsible for designing and delivering the intelligent features that make Nest products smart and user-friendly. This team is looking for a Machine Learning algorithms Engineer that has experience in designing, implementing, and evaluating cutting-edge, data-driven algorithms that will help Nest devices understand and respond intelligently.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Design and prototype algorithms that run on new and. es.  Develop feature specifications and performance metrics to capture high-level desired behaviors.  Assemble representative data sets and use them to train and test new algorithms.  Analyze complex multimodal sensor data (e.g., motion, audio, video) and design algorithms optimized across these areas.  Identify opportunities for new algorithms and hardware improvements for future products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience working with applied machine learning problems.  3 years of experience programming in Python and/or C++.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with a variety of machine learning methodologies including semi-supervised an unsupervised methods.  Experience with edge and cloud algorithms.  Experience with consumer facing devices or Internet of Things (IoT) industry.  Experience shipping sensor-based products and data-driven algorithms.  Knowledge of cutting-edge algorithms in areas such as sensor fusion and signal processing.  There's no such thing as a "safe system" - only safer systems. Our Security team works to create and maintain the safest operating environment for Google's users and developers. As a Security Engineer, you help protect network boundaries, keep computer systems and network devices hardened against attacks and provide security services to protect highly sensitive data like passwords and customer information. Security Engineers work hands-on with network equipment and actively monitor our systems for attacks and intrusions. You also work with software engineers to proactively identify and fix security flaws and vulnerabilities.  Google has long been at the forefront of security research. The Threat Analysis Group uses traditional research methods, creative engineering, and vast computing resources to keep Google, but more importantly our users, safe from sophisticated adversaries. We provide Google’s operational and product teams with the necessary intelligence to ensure our users are protected, informed, and aware of relevant security and privacy issues. Join our team, and you’ll be part of a small group that’s making a difference on a scale most would never think possible.  At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security.  Responsibilities  Identify, analyze, and document network signals, malware behaviors, and threat reports related to trends and developments in adversary tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs).  Build/Improve tools for analyzing malware, identifying threats and tracking adversaries.  Provide clear, actionable, and structured intelligence to product and security teams. Assist in ensuring corporate and production systems are safeguarded.  Own the analysis efforts of one or more threat actors, and serve as a subject matter expert on how those actors might affect Google and our users.  Identify personal and team priorities, and able to work on assignments with minimal supervision while maintaining quality and deadlines.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience in a threat intelligence, reverse engineering or related role.  Programming experience in Python, C/C++, or Go.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience identifying and understanding modern malware anti-analysis and evasion techniques.  Strong understanding of dynamic and static malware analysis.   Significant experience with one or more of the following:  Snort, Suricata, ClamAV, YARA.  Strong understanding of network fundamentals, techniques for lateral machine movement, malware persistence mechanisms, covert channels, and command and control techniques.  Strong communication and documentation skills.  Internal Audit‘s mission is to protect and enable growth across Alphabet, Google and our Bets with objective, practical insights. We do this by monitoring the risk environment across Alphabet and providing insights to enable effective risk management. We work closely with teams and leadership to achieve a strong control environment that enhances and protects organizational value. We serve as one of the company’s various lines of defense for staffing and developing our team to be control experts who deliver objective and reliable results. As a member of the team, you’ll advise the business and engineering groups to identify areas of risk and make valuable recommendations on controls. You’ll have the opportunity to influence change and decisions for business initiatives including product launches and system implementations. You enjoy working in a dynamic environment, are passionate about technology and are able to focus on key issues and the details that come with it.  The name Google came from "googol," a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros. And nobody at Google loves big numbers like the Finance team when providing in depth analysis on all manner of strategic decisions across Google products. From developing forward-thinking analysis to generating management reports to scaling our automated financial processes, the Finance organization is an important partner and advisor to the business.  Responsibilities  Drive innovation through harnessing the power of data to fundamentally change how Internal Audit functions as an organization and to provide broader risk coverage.  Conceive and lead analyses of financial and operational data, build custom ETLs, data visualizations and develop repeatable methods to ensure consistent results and scalability.  Analyze complex datasets for a variety of patterns including fraud, brand risk, control breakdown and regulatory non-compliance; succinctly convey the findings from your work to management.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Business, Computer Science, Management Information Systems or related field, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of relevant work experience or 2 years of experience and MBA  Experience building large-scale datasets, ETLs and reporting solutions.     Preferred qualifications:   Analytical skills including - modeling, financial analysis, working with large datasets, as well as basic probability and statistics; working knowledge of implementing machine learning models.  Proficiency in Python and SQL or capability to learn quickly based on experience; knowledge of commercial and emerging reporting tools and technologies (e.g. Tableau, Pentaho, QlikView).  Ability to manage and coordinate multiple project assignments simultaneously in a deadline-driven environment, accepting ownership and accountability of the process and delivering on commitments.  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and navigate through ambiguity.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to work with a wide variety of departments.  We do research differently here at Google. Our team of Research Scientists aren't cloistered in a secret lab but are embedded throughout the engineering organization, allowing them to setup large-scale tests and deploy promising ideas quickly and broadly. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists work on real-world problems including artificial intelligence, data mining, natural language processing, hardware and software performance analysis, improving compilers for mobile platforms, as well as core search and much more. But you stay connected to your research roots as an active contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.    You manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables, adapting to changes and setbacks in order to manage pressures, demonstrating and applying theories through research efforts to develop new and improved products, processes, or technologies.  As a Research Scientist on the Google Cloud AI and Machine Learning (ML) team, you will be working on innovating and delivering the most advanced machine learning techniques to impact the world via Google Cloud. You’ll have the opportunity to collaborate with the best AI talents in the company, both inside cloud as well as Google Research, DeepMind and other organizations. Our quest: To democratize AI for everyone and every business. Your research could make a huge difference to many verticals: Ecommerce, Transportation, Healthcare, Finance, Content/Entertainment, Energy, and more.  The goal of Cloud ML is to innovate and deliver the best AI tech to impact the world via Google Cloud. We're developing Cloud ML on Google Cloud Platform, in close partnership with a number of teams across the company. Cloud is one place where data, computing and algorithms converge.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting-edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience contributing to research communities and/or efforts, including publications at conferences (such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, NIPS, ICML, ICLR, etc.), citations, etc.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Python.     Preferred qualifications:   Large Scale Machine Learning experience.  GPU programming experience.  Real world problem solving skills and experience.  Exposure to Deep Learning, Neural Networks, or related fields and a strong interest and desire to pursue them.  Have an imagination, ambition, and intense curiosity. Be innovative. Skilled in communication.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  As a Business Analyst, you will gather, assess, and manage data about every part of Google’s hardware supply chain, and transform it into insights, analysis and reporting. You are comfortable working with data and have the ability to analyse complex details of data formatting, query massaging and bulletproofing pipelines. You’re also a self-driven performer and you thrive on creating structure and value out of complex and ambiguous technical challenges with little guidance.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Work with non-technical business users to understand their analytical needs, document and prioritize requirements, and to help them effectively use the data and analytical tools that the team has developed.  Design, develop and support data warehouses, dashboards, data pipelines and reporting tools for operational and business impact data. Design and enforce access control for all the data.  Work with business stakeholders and engineer teams to validate data, identify gaps and contribute in changes in business processes and data pipelines to fix data gaps.  Develop visualization based on user needs on Google dashboards or Tableau.  Manage projects and drive analytical projects end to end. Write and review technical documents, including requirements, schemas, design documents for existing and future data systems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree with an emphasis on quantitative or technical work (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working with and developing for non-technical users (defining requirements, explaining technical concepts to non-technical business users, etc.).  Experience in SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition and schema design. Experience designing data models and data warehouses, writing and maintaining ETLs which operate on structured and unstructured sources.  Experience in one or more visualization tools (e.g. Tableau), gathering reporting and analytics requirements from stakeholders.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with Unix or GNU/Linux systems, including shell scripting.  Familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C++, Ruby, etc.). Understanding of fundamental computing concepts including data structures and algorithms (including trees, graphs, file formats, algorithmic complexity).  Proficiency in a language for statistical computing (e.g. R, SAS, Stata etc).  Ability to prioritize multiple conflicting priorities while driving towards pragmatic decisions/actions.  Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Training Solutions Consultant, you'll partner with our field organizations, in particular Professional Services and Sales, to enable them to have conversations with their customers around training. You will also implement best practices and support self-service tools and assets to ensure our customers have full knowledge of our training offerings.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create and maintain resources and tools with up to date information on training offerings.  Support our Professional Services and Sales teams in conducting training needs analysis conversations with their customers and build out a tailored Learning Plan.  Work closely with the Curriculum Development team to ensure you have full visibility of the training roadmap and communicate this to our external authorized trainers and training partners.  Advise the Marketing, Sales Enablement, Partner teams and Training Business leads on specific trainings to support new initiatives.  Support external trainer evaluations and internal training presentations.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working in a customer-facing role focused on cloud based technical solutions.  Experience in supporting teams with their conversations with customers on training.  Ability to travel up to 25% of the time, as required.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working in a role that involved building out technical training or learning plans.  Ability to work cross-functionally in a fast-paced environment.  Excellent written or oral communication skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google's Video Compression hardware team is looking for Machine Learning experts to push the capabilities of video compression and hardware based video encoding to the next level. You will develop Machine Learning algorithms and architectures to revolutionize video encoding, develop breakthrough technologies, and build new products that could help billions of people. You will be part of a high-impact team defining the next generation open source video format specifications, and building state-of-the-art video accelerators for making the technology available. As a machine learning software engineer you possess strong programming skills and are excited to work on large scale challenges in the video compression domain.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information - hardware. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Develop machine learning algorithms and models for efficient video compression.  Identify and extract useful features from raw video data and past encoding decisions and train the ML models against reference software video encoders.  Work with the hardware design team to map the ML models into efficient custom silicon implementations.  Help optimize the cost and performance of the machine learning hardware.  Work closely with key stakeholder teams across Google and with external partners, and participate in formulating the next generation of video coding specifications and accelerators.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   M.Sc. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or equivalent field.  5 years of work experience in C/C++ and Python programming.  Experience with pixel data feature engineering, algorithm and ML model development and validation.  Experience with mapping neural nets on GPUs, FPGAs or ASICs, with focus on compute cost and bandwidth optimization.     Preferred qualifications:   2 years of work experience with applying machine learning to pixel data, designing and using multiple machine learning techniques and architectures.  Experience applying machine learning to video/image compression, image enhancement, restoration or super-resolution.  As a Staffing Services Operations Analyst, you partner across the company to solve some of the toughest scalability challenges that Google faces in its efforts to hire and grow great Googlers. You are accountable for measuring the organization’s productivity, supporting analytical requests, maintaining a suite of dashboards, and developing insightful, actionable metrics that measure the behaviors that matter most to hiring success. You will play a critical role in resource planning to ensure the organization can support the interviews that Googlers conduct each year.  Additionally, you provide valuable analyses on topics related to interview load distribution, interviewer calibration, internal mobility, and other parts of the interviewing process. You will drive innovative improvements that capture Google’s spirit and are underpinned by intellectual and analytical rigor. You are a problem-solver who leads action-oriented analyses to provide regular insights and reports on efficiency and organizational trends. You are excited to build clear metrics and use data to tell a compelling story to stakeholders to socialize new ideas or influence clients in a certain direction. Your projects might include applying statistical techniques to analyze interviewing effectiveness, developing models to build our global resource planning model, or helping to define our dashboards roadmap. You ensure that our Staffing Services team is well-informed and able to make thoughtful, data-driven decisions on hiring.  The Google People Services Operations function is the services and program management group within People Operations that makes HR stuff easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our global team optimizes people processes, from problem definition to execution. We partner with teams across People Operations and in engineering to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast-paced environment to deliver operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across our global offices.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Define and evaluate key success metrics, measure efficiency, and inform business decisions and strategy.  Ensure new tools, metrics, and processes land well and are adopted within the Staffing Services Team.  Use analytical rigor to inform decisions, provide insights, and tell a compelling, data-driven story to our users.  Develop domain expertise across various Staffing Services Team roles and systems and build strong partnerships with other Google People Services and Staffing Services Team leaders to proactively identify opportunities for further process improvement.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, or other Quantitative field (e.g. Physics, Engineering, Computer Science, Chemistry, Econometrics), or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of Data Analysis experience.  Experience working with senior leaders as an analyst or in an analytical role.  Experience with SQL and spreadsheets.     Preferred qualifications:   Ability to navigate ambiguity and make thoughtful trade-offs to best serve stakeholder, organizational, and team needs.  Detail-oriented problem solver with a desire to innovate and improve metrics and tools.  Excellent analytical skills with capability to leverage large amounts of data to drive business strategies and decisions.  Strong communication, organization, and documentation skills, with the ability to be personable yet persistent and influence stakeholders cross-functionally.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  The Nest Solutions and Services team is looking for an Video Engineer to help grow and improve the video related software and ecosystem at Nest. You'll use your experience with hardware video encoders and decoders, video streaming, embedded systems and network programming.  The Camera team is responsible for software that runs on all Nest cams. We partner closely with various teams at nest to provide a great set of camera features and deliver a best in class camera experience to our ever growing set of Nest camer users.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Implement and improve video related features on Nest Cameras.  Work closely with Silicon vendors to define and iterate on next-generation camera video capabilities.  Work with partner team to define, scope, and implement improvement and new capabilities related to video and audio.  Build great software to provide an exceptional experience for our customers.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience programming in C++.  2 years of experience working on embedded systems.  Experience with video technologies (e.g. H.264, H.265, etc).     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working on consumer products.  Experience working on video in cloud applications.  Experience with video playback on the web.  Experience with streaming technologies (e.g. RTSP, WebRTC, Wowza, MPEG-Dash, HLS etc) and network protocols.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your extensive technical expertise you take initiative to independently design and implement new systems, designing, implementing, and testing multiple features with little or no direction from tech lead or manager. You collaborate with key stakeholders to determine future direction of work.  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? With us you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You'll be building the infrastructure and protocols that drive the expanding Nest ecosystem and create the thoughtful home.  As a Lead Software Engineer you'll possess a background in data modeling, distributed system design, and communications protocol. We are a close-knit group spanning the full gamut of hardware and software design, and require similarly broad Engineers with technical management experience to become an integral part of our team.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Manage a group of Developers building the backbone infrastructure of the Nest thoughtful home and make individual code contributions.  Lead and manage an Engineering team to architect, design, develop, and deliver on roadmap initiatives.  Design efficient, flexible data models and protocols for defining home automation devices on many different platforms.  Participate in a cross-functional team spanning hardware, embedded software, mobile apps and cloud services.  Work with other Engineering and Product teams in the organization to pull together diverse system requirements.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  10 years of experience in Software Engineering.   Coding experience in two or more of the following languages:  Java, C/C++, Python, Ruby, Scala and/or Go.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with system software on embedded devices.  Development experience using Google Cloud Platform or other cloud products.  Experience with big data and machine learning technologies.  Experience with popular open source software (such as Cassandra, MongoDB, RabbitMQ) and enterprise Content Management or Business Applications (CRM, ERP, etc).  Demonstrated vision for the industry growth and a commitment to advance forward-looking strategies within the marketplace.  The Google Technical Services Velocity team’s mission is two-fold. First, they aim to make mobile web faster and more engaging for millions of users through close partnerships with Google’s top 1,000 customers, and more scaled engagements with all other segments of customers. Second, they help bring Google Assistant to non-Google devices and services (e.g., TV, speakers). These initiatives are critical for Google’s future growth, and require high-velocity decision-making with many teams across Google.  Google's Web Solutions Engineers in Velocity develop the next-generation technologies that change how millions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. You will work on a small team embedded within the Google Technical Services Velocity group, and will have the opportunity to learn and grow inside Google. You are versatile and passionate to address new challenges as we continue to push technology forward. As a Web Solutions Engineer in Velocity, you will utilize your technical aptitude and design skills to develop innovative solutions to help Google's partners. You will analyze issues, identify elegant and scalable solutions to them, and identify and resolve dependencies. You have a passion for developing small to medium projects and some basic project management skills. You will interact frequently and closely with our stakeholders from around the world and across different functions to identify issues and devise innovative technical solutions.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Build new internal tools, back-end services and web applications that extend Google’s technical reach with partners.  Create test plans and test cases.  Aggregate data from multiple sources to enable business insight discovery.  Write and review technical documents, including design, development and collaborative code reviews.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math or related quantitative field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in one or more programming languages.     Preferred qualifications:    Experience with one or more of the following:  HTML, XML/XSLT, JSON.  Experience with relational or non-relational databases, managing large data sets.  Experience with unit testing, agile project development, and bug and change management systems.  Highly proficient in multiple programming languages, including Java, JavaScript or Python.  Ability to quickly and independently provide technical solutions to business challenges.  Excellent written/verbal communication skills.  The Google Technical Services Partners team empowers Google’s consumer products ecosystem to make Google’s products work. We provide end-to-end technical and operations support for partners for most of Google properties. This includes influencing product strategy, developing scalable product tools, helping onboard new partners, providing technical implementation services to some of the most strategic partners and ongoing partner management.  As a Web Solutions Engineer in Partners, you will utilize your technical aptitude and design skills to develop innovative solutions to help Google's partners. You will analyze problems, identify elegant and scalable solutions to them, and identify and resolve dependencies. You have a passion for developing small to medium projects and some basic project management skills. Communication skills are a must, as you will interact frequently and closely with our stakeholders from around the world and across different functions to identify pain points and devise innovative technical solutions.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Build new internal tools, back-end services and web applications that extend Google’s technical reach with partners.  Create test plans and test cases.  Aggregate data from multiple sources to enable business insight discovery.  Write and review technical documents, including design, development and collaborative code reviews.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math or related quantitative field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in one or more programming languages.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with relational or non-relational databases with interest in handling large data sets.  Experience with unit testing, agile project development, and bug and change management systems.  Experience with Salesforce.com.   Extensive experience in one or more of the following:  HTML, XML/XSLT, JSON, Python, Java or JavaScript  Excellent project management skills, with ability to track multiple simultaneous projects, and independently provide technical solutions to business challenges.  Google is proud to boast a network that provides service to millions of Internet users around the world. The Network Engineering team is responsible for operating that network reliably and at scale. As a member of the team, you have a direct impact on design and feature enhancements to keep our systems running smoothly. You also ensure that network operations are safe and efficient by monitoring network performance, coordinating planned maintenance, adjusting hardware components and responding to network connectivity issues. Google's complex network generates a constant stream of challenges which require you to continually be innovative with an evolving set of technologies. Keeping the network reliable ensures that our users stay connected with our suite of applications, products and services.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Ensure Google’s messaging and voice infrastructure is maintained with a high-degree of operational efficiency.  Review, troubleshoot and resolve Messaging and Voice platform issues within agreed Service Level Agreements (SLAs).  Interact with internal product and engineering teams to provision, test and implement Messaging and Voice platform changes related to new partner integrations of feature enhancements involving different routing protocols.  Create, use and deploy automation tools to analyze and optimize network performance and team process efficiency improvements to ensure service availability of the Messaging and Voice platform.  Mentor junior system administrators on the team regarding Messaging and Voice over IP monitoring, triage, troubleshooting and repair.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or similar field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience with a telecom operator and/or vendor in operations or engineering roles working on messaging or voice networks.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in writing complex database queries using SQL.  Experience in Core Network Engineering and Operations for messaging, voice, data.  Experience with programmatically analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems, networks and data sets.  Knowledge of LTE, EPC, IMS, SIP, SS7, RTP, TCP/IP, NAT, scripting.  Knowledge of SMPP, MNP, MM7, SSL, VPN.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  As an Information Security Engineer at Google, you will help ensure that our software and systems are designed and implemented to the highest security standards. You will perform technical security assessments, code reviews and vulnerability testing to highlight risk, helping Google teams and partners to improve security. You will also work closely with other Google Engineers to design and build proactive methods to enhance our security posture. You enjoy working on a wide variety of software designs and technology stacks. In addition, in this role, you will have the option to specialize and/or perform research in a number of varying fields.  At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security.  Responsibilities  Perform technical security assessments, code audits and design reviews.  Develop technical solutions to help mitigate security vulnerabilities.  Advocate security and secure practices throughout Google.  Conduct research to identify new attack vectors against Google's products and services.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in application-level vulnerability testing and code-level security auditing.     Preferred qualifications:   MS in Computer Science or a related technical field.  Relevant work experience in web application security.  Software development experience in C++ or Java.  Foundation in, and in-depth technical knowledge of, security engineering, computer and network security, authentication, security protocols and applied cryptography.  Self-motivated and results-oriented.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, executive speaker series, and community-building. This program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal - which requires research, awareness, interactivity, and asking questions.  From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. We focus on being a collaborative, global organization consisting of engineers who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on our core products and services as well as those who support critical functions of our engineering operations. Depending on your background and experience, you will be working in one of the following areas:  Product and Systems Development  Whether it's finding new and innovative ways to advance search quality, building computing platform and networking technologies, automating the indexing of videos, or continuing to refine and scale complex auction systems (just to name a few), you will be developing solutions to some of the most challenging technical problems out there. You will research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offerings and collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Examples of specialist domains: UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, security, embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers).  Engineering Productivity  As a Software Engineer in the Engineering Productivity organization, you'll use your software design, analysis and programming skills to create innovative automated test systems. The test team undertakes a broad range of challenges on a daily basis, designing and building intelligent systems that can explore various use cases and scenarios for distributed computing infrastructure. Just imagine trying to design and build an automated testing system for something that's never been done before.  Site Reliability  Software Engineers working in Site Reliability are involved in every facet of Google's production and work on the cutting edge of cloud-based computing. As a member of this team you are in the thick of everything involved with keeping Google running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. Software engineers on this team love to create robust and scalable software that scale to tens of millions of users. You will handle challenging, novel situations every day, and work with just about every other engineering and operations team to provide services and applications that are quintessentially Google - fast, reliable and accessible to all.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world problems.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.  Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor's or Master’s degree program in Computer Science or related technical field and returning to a full-time degree program after completion of the internship.  Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms; experience with algorithms, using data structures to solve problems, and interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Experience writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python (e.g., remove duplicate elements from a list).  Experience with linear coding and use language features when necessary (e.g., data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in 2019.  Previous tech internships or demonstrated work experience (i.e. research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.) programming in two or more of the following languages: C, C++ Java, JavaScript, or Python.  Ability to develop thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing).  Ability to manipulate code to improve system availability and latency and optimize code for stability, functionality and scalability for a segment of Google's infrastructure, service area, or within a technology domain (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Ability to isolate problems to a database subsystem.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services—from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl or Ruby.     Preferred qualifications:   Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  We are building the next generation Nest services to support the smart home with tighter integration of Google Home and Assistant. You'll be responsible for building the infrastructure backbone of the conscious home, along with product-specific services that enable end-user features, and design highly reliable systems within the Nest and Google distributed environment.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Tame the inherent complexity of distributed systems by keeping designs simple, measuring runtime behavior, and making continuous improvements based on operational experience.  Develop high-quality, highly available systems within Nest’s service oriented architecture.  Write clear, maintainable, and performant code. Partake in projects to impact real time data synchronization, identity management, large-scale data processing frameworks, and service endpoints for web, embedded, and mobile clients.  Work cross-functionally with Product Marketing, TechOps, and Integration Engineering.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in software development with two or more of the following languages: Java, Python, C++, and/or Scala.     Preferred qualifications:    Experience with one or more of the following:  JVM, Common web frameworks such as Play and/or Linux-based systems.  Experience building out backend services in the Internet of Things (IoT) space.  Proficiency designing, building, and debugging distributed systems.  Demonstrated ability to perform well in a startup environment, v1 project, and/or small team.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.  The Data Infrastructure &amp; Analysis (DIA) team within Google is responsible for developing an end-to-end integrated stack that serves the internal data management and analysis needs for Google’s products and applications. We partner very closely with key Google products (including AdWords, AdSense, Payments, Shopping) whose infrastructure is underpinned by products from this stack which offers a full spectrum of generic, highly extensible products for data ingestion, processing, storage, and analysis. Our systems are multi-homed, highly reliable and highly scalable. We also collaborate closely with academia and innovate relentlessly to ensure that this stack stays state of the art.  Users come first at Google. Nowhere is this more important than on our Advertising &amp; Commerce team: we believe that ads and commercial information can be highly useful to our users if, and only if, that information is relevant to what our users wish to find or do. Advertisers worldwide use AdWords to promote their products; publishers use AdSense to serve relevant ads on their website; and business around the world use our products (like Google Shopping, and Google Wallet) to support their online businesses and bring users into their offline stores. We build and maintain the platforms that have made Google what it is today, and are constantly innovating to deliver the most effective advertising and commerce opportunities of tomorrow.  Responsibilities  Work closely with Technical/Product/Project leadership and align project priorities and schedules.  Identify and solve cross-functional and inter-team issues quickly.  Manage multiple interdependent projects of moderate to high complexity and scope.  Exercise independent judgment and develop recommendations that translate into a course of action.  Design and implement build and operational processes that help the teams/organization scale.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, related fields or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of cross-functional Program Management experience working among several technical groups; such as engineering teams and design teams.  3 years of experience with Data Infrastructure products (e.g. pipelines, storage, queries, business intelligence and analytics).  Experience designing process improvements that tailor to specific project(s) needs.     Preferred qualifications:   Master of Science or 7 years of experience with Data Infrastructure products (e.g. pipelines, storage, queries, business intelligence and analytics).  PMP Certification or equivalent demonstrated practical project management experience.  Experience with backend systems development and integration.  Working experience with data management systems (transactional and analytical).  Ability to provide timely reports to stakeholders and executives; able to articulate thoughts clearly and follow up on tasks and questions on behalf of engineers.  Ability to communicate across a wide variety of functions (e.g. Engineering, Product Product Management) and levels. Excellent interpersonal and analytical abilities.  The Reverse Logistics team is looking for a Business and Financial Analytics Lead who who lives and breathes data, and can connect the dots between RL operational performance and its financial implications. This role is the brain of the team. The mission is to generate projections, track actuals, explain variations, produce actionable insights, and solve problems with. ata tools, dashboarding and deep analysis.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Engage with Finance/Business Controllers to redefine the RL variables used for accruals, and prepare 1-2 years financial outlooks using warranty projected variables and update them with monthly actuals.  Define and get consensus on actionable warranty financial metrics for the business to track, ensuring consistency between RL and Finance reports.  Institute reporting governance by removing communal reports and implementing standard global reports for data needs.  Provide timely actionable intelligence and analytics identifying trends and costs, and accurate financial recommendations. Prepare content for recurrent and ad-hoc RL multiple forums.  Partner with Financial Analyst, Systems PMs, and Operations Managers, across all regions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree Computer Science, Mathematics, Finance, Statistics or other technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience in a quantitative/analytic role, within finance or tech.  Experience in data manipulation and data mining (SQL experience). Experience utilizing Tableau or similar for dashboarding.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or other advanced degree.  Experience with manufacturing/logistics/operations environments.  Deep understanding of reporting and analytics, systems integration, and data governance.  Familiar with G Suite.  As a User Experience (UX) writer, you are an advocate for Google design, working to shape product experiences by creating useful, meaningful text that helps users complete the task at hand. You help set the vision for content and drive cohesive product narratives across multiple platforms and touchpoints. As a stellar writer, you have a portfolio of work which demonstrates content that simplifies and beautifies the overall user experience.  You work with people in a variety of UX design-related jobs including researchers, product managers, engineers, and marketing and customer operations personnel. Collaborating with each, you strive to establish cohesive language and a unified voice across products and platforms. You regularly use empathy, logic, and hard data to inform content choices, and are an expert in your product. You provide content recommendations that include the right words and sometimes complementary data and images.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Write clear, concise user-interface text for products.  Develop a vision for product content across a given domain. Ensure tactical execution to drive cohesive product narratives across all digital touch points within the product (and work with marketing and operations on touch points outside the product).  Collaborate with designers, researchers, prototypers, product managers, and engineers to define requirements.  Develop concepts for early stage products. Provide data-informed insights to improve existing experiences.  Help coordinate translations, improve writing tools and processes, format documents, and generally assist as needed to produce world-class software and hardware products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a BA/BS degree in English, Literature, Communication, Journalism, Science Writing, Creative Writing, Digital Humanities, HCI or a related field, and graduating in winter 2018, 2019, or 2020.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after completion of the internship.  Authorization to work in the United States.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a MS degree program in English, Literature, Communication, Journalism, Science Writing, Creative Writing, Digital Humanities, HCI or a related field, and graduating in winter 2018, 2019, or 2020.  Relevant work experience, or personal project experience outside the classroom in technical writing, UX writing, fact-checking, copywriting or content/creative strategy.  Knowledge of online technology and related technology and products.  Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment.  Analytical, creative and visual thinker with excellent communication skills, both verbal and visual as well as effective writing, editing, and project management skills.  At Google, our philosophy is build it, break it and then rebuild it better. That thinking is at the core of how we approach testing at Google. Unlike roles with similar names at the other companies, Test Engineers at Google aren't manual testers -- you write scripts to automate testing and create tools so developers can test their own code. As a Test Engineer, you navigate Google's massive codebase, identify weak spots and constantly design better and creative ways to break software and identify potential problems. You'll have a huge impact on the quality of Google's growing suite of products and services.  In this role, you'll help to drive the strategy and approaches we use for testing Google's most critical infrastructure for compute, accelerators, networking, power, cooling and monitoring systems. You will be responsible for the manufacturing test strategy, and for associated implementation, with our vendors and contract manufacturers. You will evaluate the product designs and create the process, tools and procedures to properly test volume manufacturing. You will also collaborate with the Product Design team, along with Hardware Engineering and Manufacturing teams, to determine test requirements, to establish test methodologies, and to test fixture implementation.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Develop test software and automate tests. Manage the development of test fixtures and test software, and integrate them into the manufacturing flow.  Enable the Contract Manufacturer (CM) by developing appropriate factory training and facilitating associated trainers. Improve factory test methods and instructions, maximizing efficiencies with factory tooling design and implementation.  Help scale the deployment of associated initiatives by identifying and isolating manufacturing defects in our critical infrastructure prior to deployment.  Conduct test development in Python, develop new test strategies and platforms, analyze new rack and computing configurations, and create test plans for new product introduction.  Conduct code reviews and debug test failures. Develop and deploy the tests and validations that will be used for Google's server platforms, accelerators and machine racks.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science, or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience in manufacturing or product validation test development.  2 years of experience working with Python.  1 year of experience working in manufacturing environments.     Preferred qualifications:   8 years of experience in manufacturing or product validation test development.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.  You will work on configuring and extending third-party procurement applications to automate Google’s Supply Chain across various business areas. You will be tasked with solving business problems that Google faces on a daily basis. You will enhance the capabilities of a vendor sourced enterprise software with a custom-built Integration platform to allow automation with our internal systems. Google offers the chance to work on cutting edge technology in a collaborative and exciting environment.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Partner with internal teams to define and implement solutions that improve internal business processes.  Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and further evolve existing systems.  Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.   Maintain levels of development practices including:  technical design, solution development, systems configuration, documentation, test, issue identification and resolution, writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Perform end-to-end application development, and own an entire application and build the front-end, middle tier, storage and integration points, when necessary.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Programming experience in Java, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services (RESTful, SOAP), JavaScript.  Experience with third-party systems.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience implementing, customizing and integrating third-party applications within Finance, Supply Chain etc with specialization in SAP’s Procurement modules.  Experience developing internal business applications and business integration.  Experience working with systems that handle sensitive data.  Business domain knowledge.  Interpersonal and communication skills, strong analytical skills, and ability to work with ambiguity in a rapidly changing business environment.  As a Webspam Analyst on the Webspam team, your main objective will be to enforce our webmaster guidelines by measuring and filtering inorganic user behavior. You will solve complex problems across large data sets, bringing your analytical skills together with the power of Google’s technology to identify abuse occurring in Search and related product areas. You'll work closely with engineers and other analysts to improve algorithms and lead efforts that better the user experience.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, analysts not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google analysts are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Prevent abuse of Google Search by analyzing search trends, identifying inorganic activity and developing solutions.  Solve analytical problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed within data sets.  Engage cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with Engineers and Analysts to lead the development of long-lasting solutions.  Prepare and present recommendations to multiple levels of stakeholders.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or related discipline, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience managing projects and defining project scope, goals and deliverables.  Experience in data analysis or a related field (e.g as a data scientist, abuse analyst or law enforcement investigator).  Experience working with one or more of the following languages: SQL, HTML, PHP, JavaScript, Python, Go and/or C++.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in a Quantitative discipline.  Experience in Search Engine Optimization (SEO), or experience as a webmaster.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  The Google Cloud Professional Services Team is responsible for bringing Google’s most strategic customers to G Suite and Google Cloud Platform. We solve the most challenging and complex technical issues ranging from onboarding our customers to improving their use of Google Cloud while ensuring Google-standard engineering practices along the way.  As a Software Solutions Engineer you will be a full-stack developer with a proven track record of delivering strongly engineered applications and tools using cloud technologies. You will be capable of designing and developing significant new functionality as well as long lasting and scalable infrastructure services.  With your technical expertise you manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software products. You will also have excellent communication skills, as you will interact frequently and closely with our stakeholders from around the world and across different functions.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Be a strong communicator, leader, and advocate for our customers. Deliver highly scalable and reliable business solutions to customers and partners.  Work in partnership with the product team and other stakeholders to produce high quality and specific requirements.  Write high quality designs that document technical alternatives and make sound engineering decisions across known and unknown interacting systems.  Provide estimates and dependencies for engineering tasks. Deliver highly scalable and reliable software applications.  Be able to lead all aspects of development including design, task allocation, implementation, testing, documentation, ongoing support and maintenance.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Math, or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of web development experience with Java, Python, and/or Go.  Experience with large systems software design including storage, networking, deployment, and scaling methodologies.  Web UI development experience with HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, CSS and similar technologies.     Preferred qualifications:   Demonstrated programming experience in Java, Python, and/or Go.  Experience with Google Cloud Platform and its suite of serving, hosting, and storage services.  Experience in Computer Science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design optimized for large-scale distributed software systems.  Experience engaging, working, and communicating with external customers in a professional manner.  Scripting skills in Perl, Shell or another common language.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Consumer Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Consumer Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Manage database administration.  Support our Production Business Systems applications.  Participate in the evolution and continuous improvement of our existing infrastructure and processes.  Work with internal and external customers to curate the data coming from multiple sources.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working with various Web Service and API technologies and various file formats, including JSON, XML, CSV.  2 years of experience working with relational database management systems (e.g SQL servers or similar relational database management systems) performing database backups, restore and replication.  2 years of experience in writing scripts using Python, Java, C++ or similar. Experience implementing ETL packages with single point logging, alerting and reporting capabilities, Stored Procedures, creating SQL views and performance tuning of SQL code.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working with cloud platform technologies.  Experience with BigQuery.  Experience working in the manufacturing and supply chain data domain.  Experience working with support call center data.  Experience working with data from enterprise level systems, such as NetSuite ERP and Salesforce CRM.  Administration experience with Tableau (performing database backups, performance monitoring, HA/DR solution).  At YouTube, we care deeply about our iOS users, and we develop for iOS as enthusiastically as we do for Android. We strive to enable users on any platform to access Google products and services — from mainstays like Maps, Search, and YouTube to cutting-edge projects like Translate, Photos, and Google Now — in the best possible way. We solve problems at YouTube's unique scale, bringing large data to small devices and crafting elegant user experiences. We are diversifying into different living room and mobile device experiences. Traditional advertisers want to expand to using video ads through non-PC platforms and you will have the opportunity to work at the forefront of these initiatives by developing leading edge video ad support into native mobile and console apps.  In this role, you will have a chance to put your iOS application and Android development skills into use, designing for the current base as well as future architectures, with exposure to a high run-rate video ads team. You’ll get to work on products that help millions of people around the world, and collaborate with other passionate mobile developers to bring the most delightful and useful services and apps to life.  YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share.  Responsibilities  Design and implement new user-facing features in YouTube’s large, complex mobile applications.  Build the libraries and frameworks that support authentication, copresence and cutting-edge network protocols.  Optimize mobile applications on the iOS and Android platform.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in Objective-C using iOS or Java on Android.  Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  3 years of large scale mobile application development.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Python, JavaScript, Go, or Swift.  Extensive knowledge of iOS and Android development techniques and practices.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  The Revenue Acceleration (Rev-X) team is focused on boosting the business growth of Google Cloud using quantitative programs. These programs combine state-of-the-art data science, workflow solutions and sales strategy to drive long-term customer growth and retention. The team is comprised of data science and program management functions and partners closely with engineering and sales teams.  As the Head of Data Science, you will lead the design, development, and implementation of predictive models that are productionized in our sales workflows. You will be responsible for leading a team of data scientists that leverage data to drive business results. You will combine quantitative rigor and business acumen to shape and execute the modeling strategy that drives our programmatic sales framework. You will work cross-functionally with teams across Google Cloud, get exposure and visibility to senior executives and be sought out as a trusted advisor by partner teams.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Lead a team of data scientists. Act as a thought leader by translating business needs into technical requirements and oversee the implementation of solutions.  Design an appropriate Machine Learning modeling architecture to support Google cloud business needs.  Research new ways of modeling data proactively to unlock actionable insights or improve business processes.  Partner with non-technical stakeholders to understand their analytical needs, help frame the problem by asking the right questions, and prioritize requirements. Clearly communicate results of complex technical work.  Contribute to the development of the analytical frameworks, tools, skills and culture for the team and wider organization.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.  8 years of experience leading data science projects including managing contributions of other analysts/data scientists  Experience with machine learning algorithms and libraries. Statistical modeling experience.  Experience with ETL, data mining and processing with multiple datasets using distributed computing.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working with and developing for non-technical users (defining requirements, explaining technical concepts to non-technical business users, etc.)  Strong oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience  Financial Analysts ensure that Google makes sound financial decisions. As a Financial Analyst, your work, whether it's modeling business scenarios or tracking performance metrics, is used by our leaders to make strategic company decisions. A master juggler working of multiple projects at a time, you are focused on the details while finding creative ways to tackle big picture challenges.    As someone who knows the workings of the core Finance team inside and out, you'll lead individual projects to transform planning, tracking and control processes.  Cloud is a growing area of Google that includes Product, Engineering, Sales, and Marketing teams that build and sell the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and Google Apps Productivity Suite (G Suite). Our work in Cloud Finance is integral to the operations and strategic decision-making of these teams. Our Finance teams are responsible for understanding our growth, usage, and market trends, as well as exploring the ROI of Engineering investments and Sales productivity. The Google Cloud Finance organization is an important partner and strategic adviser to Product, Engineering and Sales leaders within the Cloud organization. Following are some of the specifics of various teams within Cloud Finance:  Google Cloud Platform (GCP)  Google Cloud Platform is changing the way the world uses cloud computing by exposing our best-in-class infrastructure, platforms and Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning solutions to companies of all sizes, everywhere. You'll closely partner with Product and Engineering teams to lead financial planning of products, and act as a thought partner on infrastructure, research and development, and other growth investments. You'll act as an adviser to the management on business growth, as well as payroll planning for the GCP business.  Google Apps Productivity Suite (G Suite)  The Google Apps Productivity suite includes Gmail, Calendar, Drive, Editors, and Chat, for both consumer and enterprise users. The Consumer offering is free to users, and the G Suite enterprise offering is a paid SaaS subscription business. Our finance team advises the Apps Product leadership on the overall business: including business growth, data center cost management, and operating expense.  Google Cloud Customer  The Google Cloud Customer team inspires leading companies and other organizations to work smarter with Google tools like GCP, G Suite, Search, and Chrome; we advocate the innovative power of our products to make organizations more productive, collaborative, and mobile.  The Cloud Finance team provides a range of financial services including helping Product and Sales Managers understand what drives their business and how to make priority allocation decisions based on data, forecasting, growth, profit and loss management, ROI evaluations, financial modeling and data analysis. We also provide key operational and strategic support on go to market and investment strategies, lifetime value of users, and a variety of other business intelligence initiatives.  The name Google came from "googol," a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros. And nobody at Google loves big numbers like the Finance team when providing in depth analysis on all manner of strategic decisions across Google products. From developing forward-thinking analysis to generating management reports to scaling our automated financial processes, the Finance organization is an important partner and advisor to the business.  Responsibilities  Generate and utilize metrics to provide valuable insights to Product and Engineering, and Sales Leadership. Communicate complex business growth trends and metrics to both finance and non-finance business partners. Analyze financial results and key performance metrics on a periodic basis to support decision making.  Partner with Sales and Product teams to enable data-driven business decisions and shape impactful outcomes. Engage cross-functional and Geo Finance teams to drive scalable analyses, tools and insights.  Lead decision making on investment strategies for products, identification of key market drivers for business generation and business profitability, and resource allocation. Provide decision support for day-to-day operational decisions and macro-level project decisions through financial analysis.  Manage financial planning - including annual plan and budget cycle, forecast and variance analysis.  Partner with Executives and Leaders in Product and Sales organizations to understand drivers of business growth, risks, and opportunities to drive growth for Google Cloud.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, related quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of relevant work experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with SQL and/or other database, automation and business intelligence tools.  Experience in strategy and operations consultation.  Experience in an Analytical capacity, working in high-volume data volume environments in software, internet, media or telecoms industries.  Effective spreadsheet skills with the ability to create financial dashboards or models. Willing to assist other team members as necessary while promoting positive morale.  Excellent communication, problem-solving and analytical skills, and the ability to collaborate with technical, business and operations colleagues.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You have proven experience coaching and mentoring others, excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, software development cycle and SQL-based relational databases. Your expertise and presentation skills will be on display as you engage with partners to understand their business and technical requirements, and persuasively present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with Partner Development Managers and Partner Sales Managers to develop our Google Cloud ecosystem. You will help prospective partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business – all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers – developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies – see the benefits of our technology come to life.  From startups building their first app to billion-user consumer companies crunching big data, the Google Cloud Platform gives developers and businesses the most advanced data and analytics solution on the market, along with Google's secure, high performance infrastructure. Our team of technical account managers and software engineers work with partners across all functions to develop solutions that harness Google's planet-wide platform to solve the world's most challenging problems.  Responsibilities  Work with partner managers to identify and qualify partnership opportunities  Own the technical relationship with Google’s partners, empowering them on managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Work with partners to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to partner sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a Technical Sales Engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer and/or partner-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services, solutions architect or systems engineering team).  Experience with cloud computing concepts such as Big Data, PaaS and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Experience leading teams with a strong focus on coaching and mentoring.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - relating to big data trends and challenges within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand and work with new and emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  As Data Center Environmental Health &amp; Safety (EHS) and Sustainability Program Manager, you will provide leadership to realize continuous improvement on the application of analytical methodologies to leverage efficiencies and economies of scale as they relate to sustainability, health and safety data. You will engage with senior leaders to design well-constructed analyses and work cross-functionally with analysts, operations, engineers and facility managers to effectively deliver innovative and actionable recommendations. You will have the ability to “crunch the numbers” one minute and critically think through strategic issues the next.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Provide strategic, analytical support for all Health, Safety and Environmental activities for Google’s data centers/hosting business by developing work plans and robust recommendations.  Perform complex quantitative analysis of performance areas of environmental health and safety across Google’s fleet of data centers. Identify trends and opportunities for improvement. Create predictive forecasts and manage both leading and lagging metrics.  Own and manage multiple initiatives and drive programs both regularly and on an ad hoc basis to maximize hosting operating efficiencies. Create new scripts, databases, and spreadsheet-based tools to automate data collection and processing. Design and maintain data structures of moderate to high complexity.  Perform business analytics and decision support models, such as resource and headcount modeling, global budget management, supplier evaluation, and ROI analysis at a minimum.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Communicate highly technical results, methods, and findings clearly. Influence leaders to take action on these findings.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline such as finance, economics, statistics, science, or engineering, or equivalent practical experience.  8 years of sustainability, health, safety, environmental or engineering experience.  Project management experience.  Travel up to 20% as needed.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or graduate degree in a management field with an emphasis on sustainability, health or safety strategy.  Data center or heavy industry knowledge and experience in areas such as supplier management, project management, global operations, and/or cost controls in industry.  Ability to create workable project plans with project scope and execute on such plans.  Ability to conduct business analysis with complex data to identify critical issues to the firm's strategic, organizational, and operational needs.  Data driven problem solving skills; ability to identify key issues, gather and analyze large complex data sets to support hypotheses and develop actionable recommendations.  Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end.  Google Fiber is rewriting the future of the Internet, and you will help define this future. Google Fiber Marketing is expanding its strategy and analytics team to scale to the growing needs of the business for this function.  As a Marketing Insights and Analytics Manager, you are a strategic and analytical thinker, who can break down problems and drive solutions. In this role, you will work with the Acquisition Marketing team to make sure that all eligible households and businesses can benefit from using the right type of Google Fiber service. You will also have the opportunity to create product offering strategies for Google Fiber, working closely with the Product and Sales teams.  Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.  Responsibilities  Devise a strategy to recommend the right Fiber services to eligible households and businesses.  Contribute to building an engine that determines service recommendations.  Draw insights from market trend analysis and apply the learnings to optimize acquisition performance.  Package analysis effectively for reports and presentations to shape strategic and operational decisions.  Design, test, analyze and optimize innovative marketing campaigns to increase Fiber adoption.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or related field or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience in analytics.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or MS degree.  Proficiency with statistical programming (e.g.. R, Stata, SAS). SQL, and other programming languages; experience with analyzing data through statistical, quantitative modeling and forecasting.  Distinctive problem-solving skills with impeccable business judgement and attention to detail.  Proven track-record of cross-functional collaboration.  Excellent oral and written communication, interpersonal, and analytical skills.  The Online Partnerships Group (OPG) uses our portfolio of product solutions, including AdSense and DoubleClick tools, to help online publishers grow their businesses. You'll provide innovative, industry-leading online advertising solutions for publishers and developers and proactively identify new opportunities. Some of the largest publishers on the web rely on our products and we're always trying to exceed their expectations and strengthen our long-term partner relationships. Our team helps grow Google's business with the largest online publishers and provides account management for users of AdSense, DoubleClick and more.  The Publisher Intelligence team is an Analytical Business team responsible for helping the Online Partnerships Group (OPG) make the best decisions possible using data.  As a Business Intelligence Data Architecture Analyst on the Publisher Intelligence team, you'll be responsible for acquiring, manipulating, and presenting data in multiple formats, including sophisticated dashboards and tables. You will build ETLs and data pipelines using your SQL skills that will take raw data from various data sources, and transform it into easy to use datasets for the Publisher Intelligence team and broader organization. You'll leverage this data, as well as fellow business analysts and business executives across our organization, allowing users to quickly see and accurately know how key business operations and processes are performing. You’ll also be involved from project inception to design through to delivery, ensuring solutions are delivering high-quality and relevant data so our business can grow intelligently.  Google was founded to organize the world’s information, and our Partnerships team was there from the start, connecting us with the world’s largest generators of online content. Google helps our partners find better ways to reach their audiences and manage their digital businesses. In return, our partners provide great content for our products, and they syndicate our Google products to enhance their sites. Our Partnerships team members expand and nurture these relationships by continually finding new opportunities and solving technical problems for our partners.  Responsibilities  Manage and develop the data infrastructure of the Online Partnerships Group.  Work closely with OPG management and their teams to understand their needs and develop Business Intelligence strategy to fulfill and scale.  Build ETLs and data pipelines from various data sources to transform it into easy to use datasets.  Identify and acquire new datasets for OPG that will provide new Business Insights.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree of a quantitative nature (Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, etc.) or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in an analytical or data engineering/infrastructure role.  Experience working with databases including in SQL, query optimization, and interaction with logs-level data.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience analyzing large data sets and distributed computing using SQL, R, and other quantitative and statistical modeling technologies and tools.  Experience working with large and multiple datasets/data warehouses, and the ability to gather from such data sets using relevant programs and coding.  Development experience in a scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc).  Ability to structure and organize data to make it easily accessible for the broader business.  Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with limited guidance. Passionate about organizing and streamlining data for broader use.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Whether you are an image processing researcher, algorithm specialist or a digital design engineer, you are passionate about developing custom image processing hardware. Join our team to transform mobile imaging as we know it. From 3A to computational photography, we are creating tomorrow's photography experience. As an image processing expert, you will design and optimize image processing algorithms and convert them into power efficient ASIC solutions using the most advanced and agile hardware design flows in the industry.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information - hardware. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Working with Android Camera team, develop cutting-edge image processing algorithms in C++  Design, implement and optimize algorithms turning them into low-power custom hardware using high-level synthesis  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience in image processing or computer vision.  Experience in low-level C/C++ design suitable for hardware implementations.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with Python, Verilog, Bash.  Experience in high-level synthesis design methodologies (e.g. Vivado, Catapult or Stratus).  Experience with the digital design flow (RTL design, verification, physical design, power optimization).  Interest in consumer cameras and photography.  Knowledge of hardware design paradigms either through modelling hardware accelerators in C/C++/SystemC, or designing them in Verilog or VHDL.  We believe there are many problems in the world in which robotics could play a significant role in making it easier, faster and safer for people to get things done. We’re looking for roboticists, designers, hardware and software engineers to help us explore these possibilities, develop breakthrough technologies, and build new products that could help millions of people.  We're looking for Software Engineers excited about robotics and have a passion for test, manufacturing, and quality. You'll manage and construct critical components of our hardware test infrastructure. In this role, you will innovate and make impact on a growing project, working alongside a diverse group of Roboticists, Designers, Software Engineers and Technicians.  X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world-changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x].  Responsibilities  Develop, validate, deploy, and manage test stations. Maintain and update as necessary, primarily using Python.  Develop or customize simple UIs to facilitate initiating and tracking progress of processes. Work with Build Technicians to identify pain points in test processes and drive continuous improvement of our testers.  Work with Design and Controls Engineering teams to identify requirements and develop specifications for calibration, characterization and quality control tests.  Provide design for test (DFT) input into the Engineering design. Write methods to analyze data and extract key performance metrics.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Mechanical/Electrical engineering, or related field, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience in a Software Test Engineering role working with hardware products.  4 years programming experience in Python, with experience in C/C++.  Experience working with low-level communication protocols for embedded systems.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, or related field with focus on mechatronic systems or robotics.  Experience controlling and characterizing actuated systems.  Experience in lightweight UI development.  Comfort working in a Linux environment including automation and testing.  Analytical Linguists work across Google to drive improvements in quality, classification, information structure, and natural language understanding and generation. As an Analytical Linguist you will work both on complex projects spanning multiple products, groups, and disciplines, and on tightly focused efforts to produce specific product components or answer specific research questions. Analytical Linguists work in many different areas and arrive with a wide variety of skills—your specialization might involve natural language processing and understanding, phonology, phonetics, syntax, semantics, ontology, program management, human subject research, experimental design, statistics, corpus linguistics, large scale data acquisition, or any combination. This team is part of some of the most groundbreaking and exciting work at Google. It's our goal to use insights from linguistics and related fields to constantly improve our products.  Natural language technologies (NLU) have the potential to dramatically improve how Google interacts with and serves its users. Conversational assistants have especially great potential for helping people get things done in their everyday lives — but they depend on Google’s ability to understand what people need and how they express those needs.  The NLU team is responsible for developing resources and algorithms to support qualitatively more natural conversational interactions. We combine theoretical insights from linguistics, as well as practical systems experience, to build scalable knowledge-based and data-driven approaches to semantic structure, interpretation and inference.  As an Analytical Linguist, you'll have a broad knowledge of, and experience in, relevant areas of theoretical and computational linguistics, with special emphasis on semantic representations and how they connect with both world knowledge and surface syntax. Expertise with lexical resources, grammar formalisms and computational models that exploit both structured linguistic knowledge and statistical learning techniques is essential. You'll also possess relevant skills with a wide range of linguistic data, along with multilingual expertise.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Design resources and processes to support a variety of projects related to natural language understanding.  Extend or design conceptual/theoretical frameworks to support richer models of language use (e.g. incorporating frame semantics, the syntax/semantics interface, discourse and pragmatics, etc).  Develop methods for analyzing natural language data and using it to improve practical NLP systems.  Identify needs for linguistic data/corpora/tools.  Design tasks and frameworks for collecting and evaluating annotated data. Collaborate cross-functionally with linguists, researchers, engineers, and other cross-functional partners in a hybrid research-product environment.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Masters in a relevant analytical field (e.g. Linguistics, Cognitive Science, Statistics, Mathematics, etc) or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with theoretical, applied and computational linguistics. Experience with a variety of linguistic and/or ontological representations (e.g. grammar, syntax, semantics, discourse, pragmatics, inference, etc).  Experience working with large quantities of natural language data. Experience with lexical resources, corpora, NLP algorithms and tools.     Preferred qualifications:   Ph.D. in a relevant analytical field (e.g. linguistics, cognitive science, statistics, mathematics, etc).  Experience in designing and implementing data-based research experiments. Experience in managing, directing and/or evaluating the work of others.  Demonstrated analytical skills and excellent written and verbal communication skills in a technical context.  Proficiency in coding with Python and/or C++ (for scripting, corpus analysis, etc).  Demonstrated analytical and design abilities. Ability to prototype ideas, manipulate data and to conduct experiments. Effective communication and collaboration skills.  Ability to speak and write in one or more non-English languages.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to handle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Research bitrate adaptation algorithms.  Influence next generation codecs and hardware.  Research Machine Learning based encoders.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in working with web technologies and/or distributed system development.  Development experience in C or C++ with OO and algorithmic experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Video encoder development/tuning experience.  Exposure to video bitrate adaptation algorithms.  Familiarity with HDR10, Dolby Vision.  As a Reliability Engineer, you will play a key role in creating new consumer electronic products that meet a high bar for reliability and performance. You will work closely with the product management and design engineering teams to define standards, specify tests, and then supervise test execution and failure analysis. A broad engineering background and command of statistical methods will help to inform design of new products. Your strong interpersonal and communication skills will be key to ensuring adoption of your technical recommendations.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information—hardware. Our Consumer Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Consumer Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Translate product management reliability goals into appropriate testable targets.  Develop reliability performance metrics and lead management reviews to review progress against those metrics.  Lead reliability test planning, methodology and execution for all aspects of the product.  Drive the failure analysis process for all failures discovered during reliability testing.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or Materials Science or equivalent practical experience.  7 years of experience with reliability engineering for consumer products or similar.  Statistical analysis experience including Monte Carlo Analysis, DoE, SPC, Gage R&amp;R.  Experience in applying design for reliability techniques such as FTA and DFMEA. Experience with reliability modeling techniques such as Reliability Block Diagram, Weibull, Reliability Growth Models.     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or Materials Science.  Experience working with overseas manufacturing partners.  Leadership experience; ability to summarize and communicate issues to executives.  Experience with failure analysis techniques for electrical, mechanical or optical components.  Experience with Python, MATLAB, LabVIEW or other programming languages for data analysis and hardware test.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how millions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our ambitions reach far beyond just Search. Our products need to handle information at the scale of the web. We're looking for ideas from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, and user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a Software Engineer, you work on a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fast-paced business grows and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to handle new problems as we continue to push technology forward.  Google Cloud Platform allows developers to build, host, store and deploy applications or websites on Google's highly-scalable and reliable infrastructure for web, mobile and backend solutions. We are looking for visionary Software Engineers who see the big picture of where cloud computing is headed and want to be at the forefront of a new era of computing. You will play a critical role in this endeavor. As a Software Engineer, you will have the opportunity to shape and deliver Google Cloud Platform products including: App Engine, Compute Engine, Cloud Storage, Big Data, Deployment Manager, Services and more. You will quickly ramp up as a subject matter expert for the Google Cloud Platform and become the go-to person for designing elegant cloud-based solutions. You will apply your expertise of cloud computing stack, broad software technologies, and open source tools to resolve what are often considered seemingly unsolvable cloud technology platform challenges for our customers.  If you are a software engineer interested in building front-end, back-end or full stack services for a new and innovative cloud product, then we are interested in talking to you. We're looking for ideas and skills from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, and user interface design. The list goes on and grows daily. You’ll work in small teams that use Agile methodology to keep up in a fast paced business environment. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to handle new problems as we continue to push technology forward.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Write server side code for Google Cloud Platform based applications, create robust high-volume production applications, and develop prototypes quickly.  Build, design and implement scalable cloud-based web applications for PaaS, IaaS or SaaS.  Provide thought leadership for cloud developer technology inside Google and collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to streamline or improve adoption of Google Cloud Platform.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Math, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of general software programming experience in Java, C/C++, Python, Go, database design and SQL, and/or knowledge of TCP/IP and network programming.  Large systems software design and development experience, with experience in Unix/Linux.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science.  Technical paper publications and conference engagements.  Experience developing applications for multiple mobile platforms (e.g. Android, iOS), internet-related cloud technologies, and gaming industries, etc.  Familiarity with open source cloud and application platforms, Google App Engine development experience.  Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills.  Good understanding of private and public cloud design considerations and limitations in the areas of virtualization and global infrastructure, distributed systems, load balancing and networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce, and security.  As a Hardware Reliability Engineer, you will play a key role in creating consumer electronic products that meet a high bar for reliability and performance. You will be involved in understanding fundamental technologies of custom modules, complex system integration interactions, and developing novel test methods and specifications. In this role you will closely collaborate with internal and external cross-functional partners, and own multiple reliability risks from concept to end of life.  You will use strong fundamentals in Design for Reliability and Physics of Failure to successfully lead and influence cross-functional teams under pressure to deliver results and adoption of your technical recommendations. You are also expected to perform hands-on laboratory work including but not limited to test development, electrical debug, and failure analysis.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Translate product management reliability goals into appropriate testable metrics.  Develop reliability performance metrics and lead management reviews to review progress against those metrics.  Lead reliability test planning, methodology, and execution for high-risk, high complexity integration aspects of the product.  Lead the failure analysis process with internal and external cross-functional teams for all failures discovered during reliability testing.  Travel domestically and internationally as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or Materials Science or equivalent practical experience.  7 years of experience in industry as a Reliability or Hardware Engineer.  Ability to travel internationally and domestically as required.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or Materials Science.  Experience working with overseas manufacturing partners and manufacturing processes. Statistical analysis experience including Monte Carlo Analysis, DoE, SPC, Gage R&amp;R.  Experience with Weibull++, JMP, Python, MATLAB, LabVIEW or other programming languages for data analysis and hardware test.  Experience in applying design for reliability techniques such as (i.e. FTA and DFMEA) Experience with reliability modeling techniques (i.e Reliability Block Diagram, Weibull, Reliability Growth Models)  Experience with failure analysis techniques for electrical, mechanical, audio/acoustics, display, touch, or optical components.  Leadership experience, and the ability to summarize and communicate issues to executives.  Google's brand is only as strong as our users' trust--and their steadfast belief that our guiding principles are what's best for them. Our Trust and Safety team has the critical responsibility of protecting Google's users by ensuring online safety by fighting web abuse and fraud across Google products. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic leader. You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google developers and Product Managers to navigate challenging online safety situations and handle abuse and fraud cases at Google speed (read: fast!). Help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all.    As a Trust and Safety Strategist, you are responsible for protecting the integrity of some of Google's key products, including Google Search, Google Maps, AdWords, Adsense, Google Checkout and Google Product Search. You investigate financial fraud, account-related abuse, questionable business practices, violations of Google's policies, and general misuse of our products. You are introduced to dynamic analytical techniques and you leverage custom-built technology to have a direct impact on improving the experience of millions of Google users. You subscribe to a "user-first" philosophy and are interested in improving Google's user experience and product integrity. You are comfortable navigating ambiguity and thrive in a fast-paced environment. You harness your analytical and technical skills to drive tool development and process improvements.  Your primary responsibility as a User Advocacy Research &amp; Insights Analyst is to ensure that the voices of millions of Google users are heard. You will drive innovative user and customer-facing projects focused on giving our users a world-class experience - especially as their experience pertains to safety with Google products. You will analyze user perceptions of and preferences for product policies, enforcement mechanisms, and product features for controversial content, abuse and spam. You will analyze our user support, feedback and customer service models to determine the best ways to interact and work with our users and partners when it comes to online safety. This includes leading unique quantitative and qualitative projects focused on gaining insights into user behavior and preferences in order to solve key business problems. You will design and execute structured analyses to drive actionable changes that promote user protection, communicate findings and advocate for changes with product teams.  At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Gaining and retaining this trust is critically important to Google’s success. We defend Google's integrity by fighting spam, fraud and abuse, and develop and communicate state-of-the-art product policies. The Trust and Safety team reduces risk and protects the experience of our users and business partners in more than 40 languages and across Google's expanding base of products. We work with a variety of teams from Engineering to Legal, Public Policy and Sales Engineering to set policies and combat fraud and abuse in a scalable way, often with an eye to finding industry-wide solutions. Trust and Safety team members are motivated to find innovative solutions, and use technical know-how, user insights and proactive communication to pursue the highest possible quality and safety standards for users across Google products.  Responsibilities  Represent the user voice by analyzing internal feedback data on top user issues and external research pertaining to online safety topics.  Design, develop and complete actionable, deep qualitative and quantitative research analyses to assess user preferences and biases (by product and market) and make recommendations for solutions to improve user experience and trust.  Effectively prioritize and communicate user needs, make recommendations for product or process changes, and influence various audiences.  Lead cross-functional efforts to drive impactful changes for the benefit of user experience, protection and overall user trust in Google’s products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Social Sciences, Statistics, Human Computer Interaction or Cognitive Science, or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience in analyzing qualitative user research and quantitative user feedback and behavioral data.  5 years of experience in development and digestion of research studies and experiments, lab studies, statistical analysis, survey design, expert interviews, field research and behavioral analysis.  Experience using data to drive decision-making. Experience in project management and working with multiple stakeholders at various levels.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or PhD degree.  Excellent influencing and negotiation skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.   Our team has an ambitious vision:  to build applications that enable people to seamlessly collaborate and accomplish complex tasks together. We’re on a mission to build apps that will be a refreshing change from the usual bland enterprise products and tools that companies so readily accept.  As a UX Engineer, you live on the front end of our products and the features used by millions of people every day. The work is challenging, fast paced, and always changing. You'll use your analytical skills, an unwavering commitment to quality, a collaborative work ethic, and cutting edge coding skills. You live and breathe the fundamentals of JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, and command an impressive portfolio of web technologies new and old - all in order to launch innovative features to a global audience.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Work closely with UX designers, project managers and back-end engineers to implement versatile front-end solutions to tricky web development issues.  Embrace emerging standards while promoting best practices in order to push the limits of what a browser can do.  Manage your own time, and work well both independently and as part of a team. Launch, iterate and make a difference.  Provide front-end coding expertise, and be ready to make our products better for our users.  Design and develop the front ends of user facing products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, HCI, Design, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant work experience in software development.  Experience with web technologies (object-oriented JavaScript, HTML, CSS), and experience with the latest web standards including HTML5 and CSS3.  Experience designing and implementing complex UIs.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (such as Backbone, Angular, or Ember) and CSS pre-processing frameworks (such as Sass or Less).  Experience with a scripting language, such as Python, Ruby, etc.  Experience with and a passion for user-interface design.  Strong sense of web design and attuned to the fundamentals of user experience, including accessibility.  Ability to communicate to all levels of users (internal and external), strong problem-solving skills, adaptable, proactive and willing to take ownership.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Google Maps Platform helps millions of organizations and users. Our data provides accurate real-time information for mapping, navigation and places. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google Maps Platform.  You will work on a variety of exciting projects in a fast growing organization with a lot of opportunities to take on complex problems that will require you to come up with creative solutions and models. You will be working on bringing together different data sets from across Cloud and model data, to unlock actionable insights and help stakeholders formulate and answer the right business questions. You will collaborate closely with stakeholders from technical solutions, engineering, product programs, vendor operations, support operations and support experience teams.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create, design and maintain reusable datasets with appropriate architecture to deal with high level of data input complexity.  Provide analytical decision making support for key projects. Research new ways of modeling data to unlock actionable insights or improve processes.  Partner with non-technical stakeholders to understand their analytical needs, help frame the problem by asking the right questions, document and prioritize requirements.  Create dashboards and reports to surface data for different stakeholders.  Communicate results of complex technical work.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience as an analyst or in an analytical role.  Experience with designing data models and building data structures (e.g. PRDs on collecting data, cross functional work with engineers). Experience with extracting insights from data and presenting. Experience with SQL, working with multiple dataset as well experience with one data visualization tool.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA/MS/MA/PhD degree with a quantitative focus (Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, or Accounting).  Proficient with statistical data analysis (e.g. a/b tests, hypothesis testing, experiment setting, etc) and creating models to answer various business questions.  Proficiency in a language for statistical computing (e.g. R, Python/pandas, Stata, etc).  Developed oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to non-technical audiences.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  At Google, our philosophy is build it, break it and then rebuild it better. That thinking is at the core of how we approach testing at Google. Unlike roles with similar names at the other companies, Test Engineers at Google aren't manual testers -- you write scripts to automate testing and create tools so developers can test their own code. As a Test Engineer, you navigate Google's massive codebase, identify weak spots and constantly design better and creative ways to break software and identify potential problems. You'll have a huge impact on the quality of Google's growing suite of products and services.  As a Camera Test Engineer on the Centralized Test Engineering team, you will manage the testing of the functional performance of camera devices. You are a key member of the cross-functional team that will launch the product.  You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper engineering practice, bug prevention strategies, testability, accessibility, privacy, and other advanced quality concepts across products.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information - hardware. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Develop factory test stations with a focus on Camera and/or Optics tests Responsible for design and implementation of camera test solutions, test SW, yield, parametric data and correlation.  Design test algorithms to investigate camera failures.  Collaborate with Design/Engineering teams on functional specs for the product and make recommendations to design and test coverage improvement.  Work with infrastructure team on test framework improvements, data collection, etc. Work with OEM, ODM, JDM, and CM partners, ensuring tests are implemented across different factories.  Travel internationally when required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Engineering or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience in testing products for manufacturing. Experience of coding in Python, Matlab, or C++.  Experience with building and launching consumer electronics products.  Experience with image quality evaluation and imaging science (3A, CCM, SFR/MTF, ISP, hot/dead pixels). Experience in DFM (design for manufacturing) and DFT (design for test).     Preferred qualifications:   MS/PhD in Engineering.  Experience with camera lens, module, and image sensor characterization.  Experience with hardware testing, system bring up, and design validation. Experience with micro-electronics design and validation. Mechanical and/or Software expertise in test station development.  Experience in debug, troubleshooting, and failure analysis investigation.  Understanding of camera HW(camera sensor, VCM, lens, etc.) design. Understanding of camera tests in module level, sub assembly level and system level.  Excellent project management and leadership skills.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week internship that will take place Summer 2018.  Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in your best interest to apply early. All hiring will be completed by March 2018. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.  At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security.  There's no such thing as a "safe system" - only safer systems. Our Security team works to create and maintain the safest operating environment for Google's users and developers. As a Security Engineer Intern, you help protect network boundaries, keep computer systems and network devices hardened against attacks and provide security services to protect highly sensitive data like passwords and customer information. Security Engineers work with a broad range of devices, actively monitoring our systems for attacks and intrusions. We focus on the offensive/testing side and work with software engineers to proactively identify and fix security flaws and vulnerabilities. We also build tools, scripts and other automation to help our project teams achieve Google-scale impact.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Responsibilities may vary by area.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science, Information Security or a related technical field.  Enrolled in a full- time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Coding experience in one or more general purpose languages.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Security or a related technical field.  Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Knowledge of attacks and mitigation methods, with knowledge in two or more of the following: Network protocols and secure network design; Operating system internals and hardening (e.g. Windows, Linux, OS X, Android); Web application and browser security; Security assessments and penetration testing; Authentication and access control; Applied cryptography and security protocols; Security monitoring and intrusion detection; Incident response and forensics; Development of security tools, automation or frameworks.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Our computational challenges are so big, complex and unique we can't just purchase off-the-shelf hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Your team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As a Hardware Engineer, you design and build the systems that are the heart of the world's largest and most powerful computing infrastructure. You develop from the lowest levels of circuit design to large system design and see those systems all the way through to high volume manufacturing. Your work has the potential to shape the machinery that goes into our cutting-edge data centers affecting millions of Google users.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Execute hardware qualification tests which includes board bringup, debug and failure resolution in the testing of complex computer, optical and network hardware.  Write and execute scripts and test procedures to validate product performance in accordance with product requirements and specifications in root cause analysis of outlier results, report on findings, reduce test data and investigate test outcomes thoroughly.  Launch and monitor scripts to control custom hardware, automate testing, and perform data acquisition and strive for efficiency and efficacy in test execution, data gathering, reduction and reporting.  Support the test work of hardware design engineers as part of a lab test engineering team. Participate in design reviews and work closely with hardware designers and development teams to understand new project architectures and system components as well as demonstrate a highly customer centric focus. Cultivate excellent working relationships with customers to ensure the highest quality of work product and customer delight.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science.  8 years of direct hands-on experience in a lab environment.  Experience automating tests beds with complex lab test equipment including VNAs, Protocol Analyzers, BERTs, Arbs and Digitizers and experience implementing applications in C++, Python and Java.  Experience with standard protocols such as 802.1x LACP, RSTP, VSTP, SATA protocols like STP, and IP protocols VRRP.     Preferred qualifications:   Master'd or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering.  4 years of relevant work experience.  Experience in supporting, implementing and/or designing networks.  Unix/Linux experience.  As a Strategic Cloud Engineer, you will be the named Google engineer working with the most strategic cloud customers. You will ensure that the experience building and maintaining applications in Google Cloud Platform is amazing. You are responsible for rapid and accurate resolution of technical challenges, lead implementations and integration of custom features. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Cloud technical challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel regularly (up to 30%, although we also frequently use video conferencing) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.   Experience with any of the following:  distributed compute environments, application development, mobile development, big data analytics, cloud computing including virtualization, hosted services, multi tenant cloud infrastructures, storage systems and content delivery networks.  Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++, or similar.  Experience working in customer-facing technical roles.     Preferred qualifications:   Working knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI)  Hands-on experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL datastores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr)  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Hands-on experience in big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experiences in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as Hadoop, NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Tensorflow).   Note:  By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA  Responsibilities  Become a trusted technical advisor to customers and overcome complex implementation challenges.  Create and deliver best practice recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time in-region for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience writing scripts in one or more languages such as Python, Go and/or similar.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical consultant or advisor, or equivalent client-facing engineering or technical consulting experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with hosted services and/or multi-tenant cloud infrastructures.  Experience with email administration, routing and hygiene with industry standard products.  Understanding of common enterprise directory administration systems such as Active Directory, OpenLDAP, and/or Domino Directory.  Understanding networking fundamentals and common enterprise networking architectures.  Familiarity with IT security practices such as identity and access management, device management and data protection.  Effective customer-facing communication and presentation skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  In this role, you will work on core algorithms in the Android camera platform to fundamentally improve the photography and cinematography experience. This covers both the improvements of the image quality and creating new computational photography features. You will develop the end-to-end solution, including algorithm design, implementation, quality evaluation, performance optimization to the final deployment.  You will work with software engineers, hardware engineers, researchers, and image scientists across the Google to push the performance of the modern mobile imaging system, commercialize new features, and develop the architecture for the future products. You will demonstrate leadership in driving the project forward.  Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.  Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.  Responsibilities  Develop the new algorithms to improve the image/video quality (SNR, color reproduction, stabilization, facial enhancements) or enable new photography features.  Optimize and integrate the solution into Google products.  Collaborate hardware to design the pipeline architecture to enable new features.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Masters degree and 4 years of experience, or PhD in EE/CS.  Experience in computer vision/machine learning, image processing, or computer graphics  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in computational photography algorithm or ISP (3A and image restoration/enhancement algorithms) development.  Experience in GPU or Halide programming.  Experience in color science or subjective image quality assessment.  Excellent communication skills.  Research Scientists at Google work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with researchers at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new learning algorithms, Research Scientists work on challenges in machine perception, data mining, machine learning, and natural language understanding. As a Google Research Scientist, you will continue to be an active contributor to the wider research community by collaborating with academic researchers and by publishing papers.  Researchers on the Google Brain team have the freedom to set their research agenda and to engage as much or as little as they wish with existing products, choosing between doing more basic, methodological research or more applied research as necessary to produce the most compelling results. Because many of the advances we develop today may take years to become useful, the team as a whole maintains a portfolio of projects across this spectrum. It is our philosophy that making substantive progress on hard applications can help drive and sharpen the research questions we study, and in turn scientific breakthroughs can spawn entirely new applications.  The Google Brain team’s research focuses on methods that can learn multiple layers of rich, non-linear feature extractors and can scale to large amounts of data. Much of our work is best understood as part of the deep learning subfield of machine learning, but we are interested in any methods capable of efficient and effective feature learning that get good results on challenging problems. We have resources and access to projects impossible to find elsewhere. Our broad and fundamental research goals allow us to collaborate closely with and–contribute uniquely to–many different product teams across the company.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence)   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Python  Contributions to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers in machine learning venues (e.g: JMLR, ICLR, NIPS, ICML, ACL and CVPR)     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab  Strong publication record  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  As a Cloud Application Engineer, you will work with customers to transform existing applications into cloud native applications by providing application design guidance, proposing and testing cloud native APIs, containerizing existing applications, and rewriting applications in platform as a service products like Google App Engine. You will work with customers on new application design and implementation including application scaling, reliability, and ongoing operations such as application and feature rollouts monitoring and more. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  In this role you are the Google Engineer working with Google's most strategic Cloud customers. Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted strategic technical advisor to Google’s most strategic customers.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time.  Communicate effectively via video conferencing for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience architecting, developing software, or internet scale production-grade cloud solutions in virtualized environments such as Amazon Web Services, Azure and Google Cloud Platform.  Experience writing software in one or more languages such as Java, C++, Python, Go, JavaScript, or similar.  Experience working with technical customers and relevant experience in technical consulting.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with open source server application software (like NGINX, RabbitMQ) and event driven architectures (utilizing tools such as Pub/Sub, NodeJS, Serverless).  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Experience with build and deployment automation and continuous integration systems (such as Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity).  Experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL data stores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr).  Knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI).  As a Cloud Developer Programs Engineer (DPE), you stand at the intersection of a technology movement shaping our world - between the people who build it and the customers who use it. Developer Programs Engineers (DPEs) are the engineering wing of Developer Relations. We ensure that Google Cloud and related open source projects like Kubernetes, Beam and TensorFlow are amazing for developers. As "customer zero" we're the first developers to use upcoming services. We provide feedback on API design, platform consistency and functionality. We write sample code and work with our technical writing teams to produce developer documentation, quickstarts and tutorials. We release open source code, participate in developer forums and help troubleshoot developer problems.  You're a phenomenal engineer who loves to produce great code that is an example for those who come after yo and crave customer interaction. You love learning new concepts and then finding innovative ways to teach those concepts to others.  In this role, you will work on our Machine Learning products and this is one of the most exciting and fastest-growing areas of Google Cloud Platform. To be successful in this role, you have experience in one or more of the following areas: Running machine learning training and prediction using a framework like TensorFlow, Torch, Theano or Caffe. Performing Machine Learning in R or scikit-learn and analyzing large datasets using using analytical databases (e.g. BigQuery or Redshift) and processing large datasets using tools like Hadoop, Spark or Beam.  Products covered by this role include BigTable, BigQuery, Cloud Machine Learning, Machine Learning APIs (Vision, Speech, Natural Language, Translation), Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Dataproc and Cloud Datalab.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Contribute to and manage open source projects. Assist third-party developers in troubleshooting their integrations with Google APIs and use of other Google developer products online (e.g. through GitHub or Stack Overflow).  Manage and participate in developer discussion forums, and work to address issues raised in these forums.  Participate in building strong developer communities, publishing blog posts/guides and promoting our APIs.  Advocate for developers internally, and influence Google developer product strategy by working with Product Management, Engineering, PR, Marketing, Business Development and other cross-functional teams.  Contribute to API design and developer experience of Google products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of experience in software engineering, and coding experience in Python.  Experience working directly with third-party developers.  Experience in Deep Learning.     Preferred qualifications:   MS/PhD degree in Computer Science or related technical field.  5 years of relevant work experience in software engineering.  Experience designing APIs. Experience as a contributor to an open source project. Contributor to communities such as GitHub and/or Stack Overflow.  Industry experience in Deep Learning, Cafe, Big Data in R, and/or Machine Learning. Experience in Distributed Deep Neural Networks.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  With hundreds of thousands of Nest customers touching our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient, every member of our team has an opportunity to make a big impact and know that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally.  Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.  Responsibilities  Work with a team of Developers to design user experiences and build applications for iOS devices.  Participate in scrums consisting of cross-functional teams, in both software and hardware groups.  Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time.  Participate in architectural review and design, and code contribution.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant work experience in software development.  2 years of experience in developing iOS mobile applications.     Preferred qualifications:   2 years of experience shipping mobile software for iOS.  Experience developing and growing usage of successful Android, iOS, and Web apps.  Understanding of iOS application development in Objective-C or Swift.  Passion for technology and technical depth to uncover root causes of complex technical problems and provide guidance on solving them.  Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills with a strong attention to detail.  The Business Strategy &amp; Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.  The Critical Systems team brings the science to sales and leverages Google’s wealth of data to deliver analytics and feature recommendation engines and incentive tracking systems on behalf of our sales teams.  In this role, you'll partner closely with our Product Sales Activation team, AdWord product managers, and Engineering to help drive the feature recommendation roadmap and surfacing logic implementation. These systems will use advanced data analysis methods and business logic to identify business growth opportunities, improve our interactions with advertisers and optimize internal workflows and processes. Your ultimate objective is to maximize our sales teams’ impact by matching the right advertiser to the right sales rep at the right time.  You will combine business acumen, analytical and technical knowledge to size impact of new features and generate complex surfacing logic to productionize the recommendation of those features in highly scalable systems. You will work to ensure the smooth execution, analysis, and optimization of global programs via product feature recommendation prioritization and implementation.  When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.  Responsibilities  Work closely with Adwords PM and Engineering to grasp the underlying feature-specific data schema  Architect complex query logic to power high impact feature recommendations at scale  Design and implement business growth optimization products and system in collaboration with Product and Engineering partners  Track systems performance and size the impact of feature launch proposals through data analysis, statistical modeling and data mining  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree with quantitative coursework (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences) or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of directly relevant SQL experience in an analytical function.  Experience with data analysis and modeling.  Experience articulating product questions and identifying and normalizing datasets to develop insights.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience collaborating with cross-functional stakeholders to drive to consensus on requirements for ad-hoc analysis or data pipelines  Enthusiastic problem solver with track record of thought leadership in applying data driven analysis that have had a tangible impact on business operations.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  As a Program Manager, Analytics, Data Center Business Operations, you'll engage with leaders to design well-constructed analyses and work cross-functionally with Construction, Engineers and Facility Managers to effectively deliver innovative and actionable recommendations. You will develop relevant metrics that unlock strategic and tactical insights through establishment of the appropriate key performance indicators and respective targets. You are also comfortable with operating in a high-paced, changing work environment with the ability to prioritize multiple functions and tasks, manage time efficiently and navigate ambiguity.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Provide strategic, analytical support for all business intelligence activities for Google’s data centers/hosting business by developing work plans and robust recommendations.  Manage multiple initiatives and drive programs both regularly and on an ad hoc basis to maximize hosting operating efficiencies.  Perform business analytics and decision support models, such as resource and headcount modeling, supplier evaluation, and growth analysis.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Communicate highly technical results, methods, and findings. Influence leaders to take action on these findings.  Travel up to 30% of the time as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline (Finance, Economics, Statistics, Science, or Engineering) or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience and/or experience in a Management Consulting role.  Project Management experience.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA, Master's degree or PhD in a Management field with an emphasis on business operations and strategy.  Ability to create workable project plans with project scope and execute on such plans.  Knowledge in technical/industrial operations and in areas such as supplier and project management, global operations, and/or cost controls.  Ability to conduct business analysis with complex data to identify critical issues to the firm's strategic, organizational, and operational needs.  Data driven problem-solving skills, with the ability to identify key challenges, gather and analyze large complex data sets to support hypotheses and develop actionable recommendations.  As a Solutions Consultant, you will work side-by-side with strategic Google Cloud Healthcare and Life Sciences customers. You’ll leverage your cloud computing expertise along with hands-on experience in the healthcare or life sciences industries, helping to lead flawless implementations and integration of custom features.  Together with the team, you will support implementations of Google Cloud Healthcare products, sharing best practices, providing guidance around architectures, data migration, capacity planning, and more.  Your understanding of the customer landscape, requirements, and challenges will enable you to work hand-in-hand with our product and engineering teams to design and implement scalable customer solutions on Google Cloud and take them to market.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Provide healthcare or life sciences domain expertise in supporting the technical relationship with Google’s customers. This includes (but is not limited to) product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the enablement of integrations allowing for a full deployment of products managing healthcare and/or life sciences data in Google Cloud.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Work hands-on with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Own the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources.  Travel to customer sites, conferences and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working in a cloud computing environment (infrastructure, storage, platforms and/or data).  Experience working in a healthcare and/or life science domain, including deploying solutions in healthcare and/or life sciences related IT infrastructure.  Experience with one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++ or similar     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other relevant technical field.  Experience working with a variety of technology systems, designing solutions or developing applications in healthcare and/or life science environments.  Understanding of current trends of healthcare and/or life sciences infrastructure, (including databases, enterprise integration buses, protocols, APIs and formats), security, networking and cloud-based delivery models.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  At Google, data drives all of our decision-making. Data Scientist Technical Leads work all across the organization to help shape Google's business and technical strategies by processing, analyzing and interpreting huge data sets. Using analytical rigor and statistical methods, you mine through data to identify opportunities for Google and our clients to operate more efficiently, from enhancing advertising efficacy to network infrastructure optimization to studying user behavior. As an analyst, you do more than just crunch the numbers. You work with Engineers, Product Managers, Sales Associates and Marketing teams to adjust Google's practices according to your findings. Identifying the problem is only half the job; you also figure out the solution.    With your leadership and professional expertise, you manage a team of analysts, plan project goals and lead the overall strategy for your group. You are a recognized authority in your functional area and develop, organize and launch projects that span engineering and analysis.  As a Data Scientist Technical Lead for YouTube or Search, the scope of your role will impact the entire Product.  For the YouTube Creators platform, the role will be focused on defining and understanding the core metrics (top-level and granular) that drive the supply-side of our business. YouTube viewers have nothing to watch and advertisers have no audiences to market to without the content that our “creators” produce. Creators range from you/me making silly videos to share with our friends - often referred to as casual to professional content (music videos, etc.), and of course in between is our homegrown stars and musicians.  You have previous analytical work to understand the varying types of our creators and the inequality dynamics of viewership (we are a “hits” driven platform, just like any media company). We have the basics down, but we need a great leader and communicator to talk to senior leadership across the organization about this, especially given the nuance. This is where you come in!  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with large, complex YouTube data sets; solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables and presentations.  Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.  Directly manage a data science team. Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams; work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products.  Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.  Research and develop analysis, forecasting and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering) or equivalent practical experience.  10 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).  5 years of people management / leadership experience  Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).  12 years of directly relevant, tech industry work experience (e.g., as a statistician / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included.  8 years of demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques, including people management.  Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.  Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.  Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Software Engineer on the Subscriptions Services Backend team at Nest, you'll be responsible for designing and implementing our e-commerce and subscriptions platform. You will develop and scale functionality for components including subscriptions, payments, order management, and fulfillment that are critical to Nest’s online business.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Develop a reliable, scalable and flexible e-commerce platform for Nest's online store.  Execute on projects which include payments processing, order fulfillment, analytics, delivery scheduling and supply chain operations systems.  Collaborate with a wide range of teams to deliver compelling user experiences.  Work on user-facing products like e-commerce store, subscriptions, coupon codes, vouchers, gift cards, etc.  Develop test frameworks and operational tools for the services you create.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience in Software Development working with one or more of the following: Scala, C/C++, Java, Python and/or Ruby.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience with e-commerce, payment processing, order fulfillment, or other monetization-related platforms including ad-serving technologies.  Experience with two or more of the following; Linux-based systems, JVM, high-load systems and/or Hybris/ATG/Websphere Commerce.  Experience with Google platforms and tools.  Familiarity with one or more common web frameworks (e.g., Spring MVC or Play) and frontend web development.  In little more than a decade, Google has created one of the world's largest global computing infrastructures for both internal and external use. Using our unique technologies, along with open source tools, we keep Google's products and services running, robust and secure. Our objective is to create solutions that allow people to work and communicate in new and innovative ways – giving back to the world's technical community whenever we can.  As a Technical Solutions Consultant intern, you will be part of teams that provide technical support to Google's external partners and clients. As such, you will play a role in supporting external partners and clients, and develop tools to make our operations smarter and scalable. Your projects could range from driving analysis to determine root causes of customer dissatisfaction, building tools to automate and scale operations or developing custom solutions for some of Google's top partners.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and backend services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions, and troubleshooting their problems. Understand operational workflows, identify and define tool needs to enable operational scaling, and drive the development (initial and ongoing) and deployment of these tools with Engineering.  Create and update documentation as integration methods are applied (e.g., requirements document, technical design document, project plan, etc).  Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems. Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Solve problems that may involve access and analysis of massive amounts of data and information. Help to develop massively scalable, distributed software systems and collaborate on different smaller projects.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience with web technologies and experience with HTTP, HTMP, XML.  Database design and SQL Query construction experience.   Experience in one or more programming languages:  C++, Python or Java; experience with SQL and data modeling.     Preferred qualifications:   Enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Master's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience in systems software or algorithms.  Some client facing experience (gained through university, part time work, etc), or proxy skills (university society membership, organizing/leading voluntary activities).  Demonstrated business savvy and effective communication skills (relevant for a technical audience).  Authorization to work in the United States.  Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager Intern at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.    Using your technical and leadership expertise, you run Engineering-focused projects that are well-defined under supervision.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with Google Engineering teams to design, develop, implement, launch, and support new services and enhancements to existing services.  Develop and execute plans under a set of implementation and delivery time constraints, optimizing for a blend of cost, schedule, and features.  Collect and analyze relevant data and take actions accordingly.  Facilitate broad collaboration with clear communications and documentation.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Go or Python.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.  Experience writing code and contributing to open source projects.  Analytical and solution-oriented background, with great people skills and structured problem solving capabilities.  Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels.  Effective analytical, problem-solving and organizational skills.  Authorization to work in the United States.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.    With your technical expertise, you build business applications and influence the design of features that improve the reliability of our applications and systems. You also define the scope of technical projects and oversee execution.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Partner with Product Area business, engineering, privacy, security and legal to provide an easy on-ramp (or off-ramp) for the business application systems of acquisitions/spinouts and non-Google Alphabet entities.  Work with the Mergers &amp; Acquisitions Team program managers and analysts to create and offer integrations with SFDC.  Lead and manage the design, configuration and deployment of medium complexity CRM and other modules to support sales automation  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  Certified Salesforce Platform Developer II  5 years of experience with the configuration and custom development for several CRM modules in SFDC. Experience integrating SFDC with multiple business applications.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C++, Python, JavaScript or other scripting language.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s degree in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Experience in designing and implementing SFDC cross-organization along with cross-instance integrations in support of multiple business process environments.  CRM domain knowledge with relevance to the cloud industry and its sales channels.  Demonstrated capability to develop and nurture relationships with key stakeholders/partners.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.  As an Application Engineer, you will play a major role in developing, deploying and supporting Google’s internal business applications. You will be tasked with solving various problems over time. When the situation calls for it, you’ll be part of a team that implements vendor sourced enterprise software, configuring that software, customizing it, and integrating with other internal systems. Other times, you’ll be primarily tasked with creating custom-built software.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Develop and deploy applications that support and change fundamental assumptions of how IT works.  Partner with internal teams to define and implement solutions that improve internal business processes.  Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and back-end services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Integrate third party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Programming experience in Java, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services (RESTful, SOAP), JavaScript  Experience developing internal business applications and business integration     Preferred qualifications:   MS in Computer Science, related field or 4 years of relevant work experience  Experience implementing, customizing and integrating third-party applications within Finance, Supply Chain, HR, Marketing etc.  Participation in multiple full system implementation life cycles (analyze, design, build, test, implement, support)  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; strong analytical skills and a demonstrable bias toward action.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.    With your technical expertise, you build business applications and influence the design of features that improve the reliability of our applications and systems. You also define the scope of technical projects and oversee execution.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Partner with internal teams to define and implement solutions that improve internal business processes. Integrate third party products into SAP as well as support and upgrade implemented systems.  Develop, build and deploy applications using SAP platforms and technologies.  Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.   Maintain highest levels of development practices including:  technical design, solution development, systems configuration, test documentation/execution, issue identification and resolution, writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Architect innovative solutions to automate and scale business systems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience implementing and customizing vendor software and/or building custom financial applications through full system implementation life-cycles (analyze, design, build, test, implement, support).   Experience with one or more functional areas:  Treasury, Procure to Pay, Supply chain, Logistics, IT Asset Management.  Experience with SAP S4/HANA modules, SAP ABAP development platform and Web-app Software Development.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working with systems that handle financial data.  Experience implementing/customizing SAP Treasury management application.  Experience with Java, JavaScript, HTML5, and SAP technologies like SAP HANA, SAP Fiori, Netweaver.  Solid understanding of information management, data modeling, system integration, development methodologies (including unit testing).  This is a highly cross-functional role. Your work will span long and short range demand planning, supply planning, transportation, inventory, orders and fulfillment for B2B, B2C, and internal customers, and the automation of important metrics that monitor our business.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information—hardware. Our Consumer Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Consumer Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Develop expertise in Hardware Supply Chain sources of data, especially from our data warehouse. Along with our Business Systems teams, lead the importation and curation of new data sources to help expand the reach of systems and tools that run our business.  Build exceptional visibility and process automation tools that provide business users with reliable decision-critical information, and enable efficiencies that reduce or eliminate manual tasks.  Perform detailed analysis to define and evaluate requirements and turn ambiguous data/reporting requirements into projects. Communicate findings, designs and timelines to a diverse audience.  Study our supply and fulfillment processes and by working business users and drawing on your own expertise, identifying opportunities for process improvement. Combine these objectives with your understanding of our business data models, and deliver tools that delight our demand and supply planners, sales order managers, transportation teams, inventory analysts, etc., and enable robust and scalable tools to enhance the business.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, or related field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience with Advanced SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition and schema design.  Experience in at least one Data Visualization tool (Tableau, Google Dashboards, etc.).  Experience with project management and operations/supply chain processes.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience managing complicated project plans and working with diverse set of senior stakeholders on requirements, roles and responsibilities, project timelines.  Experience working with ERP systems (NetSuite, Oracle).  Familiarity with Javascript, Apps Script, or similar language.  Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.  Excellent written/verbal communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to technical and non-technical audiences.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google Hardware, Google Home, Device Platform team is working on revolutionizing how people interact with their TVs, speakers, home entertainment and assistant devices. We are the team that built Google Home Mini, Google Home, Google Home Max, Google Wifi, Chromecast Ultra, Chromecast, and Chromecast Audio.  Our main software stack includes Chromium-based browser implementation with additions to support Cast protocol, Google assistant, hardware accelerated AV pipelines of the SoC, Assistant client code running on the device that handles voice/speech locally and interacts with the assistant servers.  We are looking to extend media processing capabilities, support new assistant and voice features, optimize graphics performance, and improve the system reliability and performance for our next-generation products planned for the coming years and beyond.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information - hardware. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Implement Chromium-based browser  Extend media processing capabilities  Support new assistant and voice features  Optimize graphics performance  Improve the system reliability and performance for our next-generation products  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical  Experience in code optimization, high performance computing and multi-threading programming with multi-core CPU.  Real time graphics rendering experience with video and media processing pipelines and Audio/speech signal processing.  Browser technologies and Web (HTML5/JavaScript) applications experience. Experience programming in C/C++ and experience in Unix/Linux environments.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with DRM solutions (Widevine, Playready, etc.), Conditional Access Systems, Trusted Execution Environments, Security or Media Frameworks.  Track record of successful development and application of machine learning, computer vision, and/or artificial intelligence.  Like Google's own ambitions, the work of a Software Engineer (SWE) goes way beyond just Search. SWE Managers have not only the technical chops to roll up their sleeves and provide technical leadership to major projects, but also manage a team of engineers. You not only optimize your own code but make sure engineers are able to optimize theirs. As a SWE Manager you manage your project goals, contribute to product strategy and help develop your team. SWE teams work all across the company, in areas such as information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. Operating with scale and speed, our world-class software engineers are just getting started -- and as a manager, you guide the way.  You will be a self-motivated critical thinker with an ability to solve solving challenging technical issues. You will have experience working in a cross-functional environment and you will also have an ability to iterate rapidly on design ideas.  In this role you will be expected to work with Technical Program Managers (TPMs) and Product Managers to define the goals and user stories for your functional area as well as collaborate as a part of the overall architecture team.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information - hardware. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Work with Product and local TPMs to specify and track the tasks for your team.  Evaluate current and new audio technologies.  Manage audio related issues comprehensively for a new platform.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  7 years of relevant work experience.  Experience in C, C++ or Java.  Experience with audio tools and technologies     Preferred qualifications:   Master's or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience with game audio.  Experience with GDB, GCC and compiler toolchains.  The Business Strategy &amp; Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.  As a Data Engineer and Curator for Nest, you will architect the datasets that drive key decisions at Nest. You'll lead end-to-end data projects to deliver scalable, usable, and accurate data into the hands of analysts and decision makers. You will also actively collaborate with stakeholders across the business to understand key opportunities and design solutions.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Design, maintain, and deliver uninterrupted data to business and product analysts.  Keep a close pulse on the current and future needs of the business to scale data and reporting solutions that meet those needs.  Discover and implement new ways to continuously improve data infrastructure and reporting capabilities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Analytics or related field, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience building ETLs and managing databases.  Experience with Git and basic shell scripting.  Development experience on ETL tooling in a scripting language such as Python.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Analytics or related field.  2 years of experience working with Big Data frameworks (BigQuery, Hive), and working directly with business or product analysts.  Experience working with data visualization tools and experience working with machine learning models deployed in business settings.  Knowledge of distributed systems concepts, problems and solutions.  Ability to efficiently troubleshoot data quality and integrity problem.  Detail oriented, and the ability to create concise documentation for a wide range of technical and non-technical stakeholders.  As a Data Collections Specialist, you will be a member of a Google AI team responsible for delivering products created or improved using machine learning tools. Your role will involve data set management associated with projects from research to prototype to product deployment. This will require working across a wide variety of data types involving stringent security and privacy compliance requirements and serving internal customers across multiple disciplines. This includes managing data set onboarding and access controls, building systems that improve visibility and discoverability, and providing prompt results on data set search queries. You're equally at home organizing disparate data types and talking with team members about current status of ingest or processing pipeline stages.  You have demonstrated organizational skills with strong attention to detail and task management. Your prior experience includes project management, database engineering, scripting and process documentation.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Work with engineering, operations and project management to ensure newly collected or generated data is organized and discoverable.  Curate data sets manually to facilitate programmatic ingestion and/or for one-time project requirements.  Develop systems with appropriate level of automation to scale routine data activities.  Maintain integrity of associated databases.  Run queries and create dashboards for project-specific needs.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree with an emphasis on quantitative or technical work (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience  SQL and Python scripting experience. Experience in SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition and schema design.  Experience designing data models and data warehouses, writing and maintaining ETLs which operate on structured and unstructured sources; Experience with spreadsheets, charts and dashboards     Preferred qualifications:   Understanding of fundamental computing concepts including data structures and algorithms  Unix fundamentals and shell scripting.  Familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C++, Ruby, etc.)  Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously in a fast paced and dynamic environment  We do research differently here at Google. Our team of Research Scientists aren't cloistered in a secret lab but are embedded throughout the engineering organization, allowing them to setup large-scale tests and deploy promising ideas quickly and broadly. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists work on real-world problems including artificial intelligence, data mining, natural language processing, hardware and software performance analysis, improving compilers for mobile platforms, as well as core search and much more. But you stay connected to your research roots as an active contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.    You manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables, adapting to changes and setbacks in order to manage pressures, demonstrating and applying theories through research efforts to develop new and improved products, processes, or technologies.  Research and Machine Intelligence is a high impact team that’s building the next generation of intelligence and language understanding for all Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning (including Deep Learning approaches like Google Brain) and Natural Language Understanding. Our work gets used by product teams across Google, including Search, Maps and Google Now.  As a Research Software Engineer in the Google Brain team, you work and collaborate closely with Research Scientists on the team. You have the flexibility to switch projects as our research focus shifts and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate about managing new problems.  This role bridges the gap between Software Engineer and Research Scientist. We are looking for great software engineers who also have experience with language understanding and perception (speech, images, video) - as well as improving algorithms. We work with teams across Google to make their products better and make Moonshots possible. In this role, you'll work alongside world-class Research Scientists in the Google Brain team to bring their ideas to life by implementing algorithms, running experiments and building prototypes.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting-edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++ or Python  Experience with linear algebra, calculus and statistics  Machine learning experience     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field.  Strong computer systems experience.  GPU programming experience.  Large data analysis and visualization experience.  Exposure to industry or academic research.  Exposure to Deep Learning, Neural Networks, or related fields and a strong interest and desire to learn about them.  In our User Experience (UX) teams, UX Researchers partner with Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, and Googlers across the company to improve the user experience and drive product excellence. Quantitative UX Researchers conduct empirical research using methods from computer science, quantitative social science, statistics, econometrics, and other fields to understand user behavior and extract meaningful patterns from large data sets.  In this role, you'll combine skills in experimental design, statistical analysis, programming, and human-computer interaction to improve user experience. As a key member of a product team, you work with stakeholders across functions and levels. You solve challenging problems and empower the team to move forward by developing metrics, measuring results, and integrating new methodologies into existing systems. You'll do more than just crunch numbers though: through reports and team engagement, you'll provide a UX perspective on quantitative data to help stakeholders understand their users.  Coming up with solutions is only one part of your job. Equally important is to identify and quantify problems, and to embark on new research areas worth exploring through innovative methods. As such, you'll apply principles of rigorous and ethical research to build and improve products in order to satisfy users' needs and exceeding their expectations.  User experience (UX) is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users’ needs, behaviors, and emotions to yield insights that inform product strategy and guide the design of the experiences we create. Our multidisciplinary UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and performance. We collaborate closely with product managers, software engineers, and many others to solve complex challenges and craft powerful experiences that highlight our products’ unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Google’s philosophy: “Focus on the user and all else will follow.”  Responsibilities  Define and measure quantitative UX goals and metrics in collaboration with Designers, Qualitative Researchers, Engineers and Program Managers.  Examine existing data and product designs to generate hypotheses and plans for high-impact research.  Prioritize and drive research to improve user experience.  Develop code and statistical models to understand user experience.  Drive change by communicating findings to stakeholders in the company. Make research findings convincing and actionable for both research experts and non-experts.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Statistics, Psychology or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in an applied research setting.  Experience in a programming language commonly used for data manipulation and computational statistics (such as Python, R, Matlab, C++, Java or Go), and with SQL.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, Statistics or a related field.  5 years of relevant work experience with User Experience or Human-Computer Interaction teams.  Demonstrated expertise in multivariate statistics and the design of experiments.  Proficiency in programming computational and statistical algorithms for large data sets.  Excellent command of research questions within a given domain, and of technical tools for the analysis of data within that field.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  As an Energy Market Development Program Analyst, you will lead quantitative and qualitative analysis to drive energy market development initiatives that ensure Google’s data centers and operations have access to cost-effective and reliable power supply options, and that advance market solutions to help Google meet its 100% clean energy goal. This role will require you to effectively collaborate across a variety of internal teams focused on energy and infrastructure issues. It may also involve engaging external stakeholders including utilities, government officials, regulators, industry, and public interest groups to develop and implement energy policy solutions in the marketplace.  The role requires a deep handle on energy industry trends and a strategic perspective on the sector’s future, a solid understanding of how electric utilities operate and the fundamentals of their regulatory environment. You will collaborate with utilities, regulators, and energy industry stakeholders, including NGOs. You also have a strong analytical ability to navigate today’s complex electricity market structures.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Lead strategic evaluations of regulatory and policy environments, electricity industry trends, political trends, stakeholder interests, and electricity institutional structures to assess risks and opportunities for Google’s data center electricity supply portfolio.  Provide analytical support to team members to further in-market energy policy development efforts, including regulatory policy analysis, rate impact analysis and political analysis.  Work cross-functionally with others on the data center team and the Google Public Policy team to support strategies to integrate Google’s energy story into the a broader Google-wide narrative and communicate policy positions to key constituencies.  Support advocacy work through energy trade associations, industry partners, non-profit groups, and other allies to advance Google’s strategic energy interests and priorities.  Lead sophisticated quantitative and qualitative analysis of the energy markets to guide Google’s energy market development strategy, influence key industry stakeholders, and set policy direction in a variety of markets  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in technology, science, law, policy or economics or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience working with various institutions of government, including regulatory commissions, local, state and federal agencies and international policy making bodies.  3 years of relevant experience working with electric utilities, regulators, clean energy advocates, energy policy makers, or other energy industry stakeholders     Preferred qualifications:   Strong quantitative and qualitative analytical abilities, with a particular focus on energy markets  Creative approach to solving nebulous multi-stakeholder challenges, ability to thrive in environments with ambiguity and uncertainty.  Robust executive presence, ability to build successful relationships.  Exceptional oral and written communication ability and excellent project management skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a Software Engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Specific responsibilities vary by project area.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python (e.g., removing duplicate elements from a list) and experience in optimizing code for stability, functionality and scalability (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Experience or previous project assignments with Data Structures and Algorithms (i.e. selecting and implementing an algorithm, using data structures to solve a problem.); experience with algorithms that improve a product’s capabilities, speed, efficiency, or reliability.  Experience with data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals as well as debugging code and submitting fixes.     Preferred qualifications:   Previous tech internships or relevant work experience programming in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python.  Experience developing thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing) for your code, using one or more of the following: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, or Python.  Demonstrated experience programming in 2 or more of the above languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python.  Experience manipulating code to improve system availability and latency; Experience with improving inventing or proving the value of new algorithms that improve a product's capabilities, speed, efficiency and reliability.  Skill in isolating problems to a database subsystem.  Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. As an Analyst, you’ll use your technical expertise, business acumen and client relations skills to help our team find and develop the best talent in the world. Whether it’s forecasting hiring needs, developing tools to automate HR systems or analyzing the impact of one of our staffing programs, your work will be crucial in ensuring that we make intelligent, data-driven decisions. You’ll work in close partnership with the staffing and operations management teams to lead action-oriented analyses and provide regular weekly and monthly reports on performance and trends. Projects might include applying statistical techniques to make hiring projections for a specific function or role, using supply chain techniques to provide forward looking insight into our candidate pipeline or developing models to build our global resource planning model. Above all else, you’ll focus on ensuring that our organization is well-informed and able to make our people-related processes and systems better, faster and more user-friendly.  As an Operations Strategy Analyst, you’ll play an important role in helping our People Services Operations team ensure that Googlers and future Googlers have a magical experience from before they’re hired to their first day on the job and throughout their career in Google. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast-paced environment to deliver operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across multiple countries.  Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Structure and perform analyses independently, and conduct research to uncover the insights that support our recommendations.  Develop value-add analysis and partner with Operations leadership to define and analyze key success metrics, measure efficiency, and inform the best possible business decisions.  Prioritize and work effectively in an environment with competing demands.  Understand the Google People Services Operationss and People Operations process landscape to identify opportunities to improve processes to ensure a magical Googler experience.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Mathematics, Business Administration, Computer Science, Finance, Statistics, related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of industry experience.  Experience in management consulting or business strategy with work experience as an analyst or in an analytical role.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience programming with R, Python, SQL, etc.  Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with capability to process large amounts of data to drive business strategies and decisions.  Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured and fast-paced environment. Comfortable dealing with ambiguity.  Excellent communications skills and solutions and client service-oriented, with an emphasis on creativity and diligence.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  You're a Sales Engineer with excellent technical, communication and organizational skills, previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, combined with experience and deep knowledge of SAP technologies. Your expertise and presentation skills will be on display as you engage with customers to understand their business and technical requirements, and persuasively present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explain technical features and problem-solve any potential roadblocks with a specific focus on SAP workloads running on Google Cloud Platform.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections, and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Own the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources.  Demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience in all aspects of cloud computing (infrastructure, storage, platforms and data), as well as cloud market, competitive dynamics and customer buying behavior.  Experience with SAP technologies (such as SAP HANA, SAP Business Suite and Business Warehouse, SAP Hybris, etc.) and their architecture and infrastructure needs.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field  Experience with hybrid cloud deployments, and on-premise to cloud migration deployments.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - especially as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses.  Understanding of SAP cloud offerings with special focus on HEC and SAP Cloud Platform.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the Cloud/IT technology space.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  Leaders in Data Science can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique hybrid role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of leadership, creating visual displays of quantitative information. Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional partners to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Develop a vision and roadmap for analytics across a product or functional group.  Own relationships with executive stakeholders across Google Engineering.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  8 years of relevant experience in an analytical function.  Experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.).  Experience with articulating product questions, pulling data from datasets (SQL) and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS or Master's degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences).  Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and design of ETL flows.  Work experience in an inter-disciplinary/cross-functional field.  Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and impeccable business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations. Strong written and verbal communication skills.  How do you release updates and changes to the world's most trafficked sites without users ever noticing a glitch in service? Our Release Engineering team takes on this very challenge. As a member of the team, you work with Software Engineers to ensure our services and products seamlessly move from development through rollout and into production. This requires scripting and coding with an eye toward scalability so that big deployments can be broken down and distributed across multiple data centers. You are excited by massively complex systems and the challenges that come from working with some of the largest computing systems in the world. From changing the look of Google Search to backend tweaks to our algorithms, we are constantly pushing updates and iterating on all of our products.  Using your leadership and technical expertise, you manage small project teams and lead the complex application releases for production and develop major improvement to tools and processes.  At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security.  Responsibilities  Support and improve our tools for continuous integration, automated testing and release management.  Manage release branches.  Build and sanity test release binaries (server-side).  Push new releases to production (server-side).  Maintain the build process to support ongoing R&amp;D.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in software engineering, release engineering and/or configuration management.     Preferred qualifications:   6 years of relevant work experience.  Familiarity with software configuration management systems and/or source code version control systems. Perforce experience.  Experience with scripting languages, particularly Python.  Experience with code signing and build management tools (make, SCons, ant).  Experience building C++ and Java applications.   Server side products:  knowledge of Unix/Linux. Client side products: knowledge of multiple client OS's, such as Windows, Mac, Linux, iPhone, Blackberry and Android.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  You will work with Software/Quality/Tuning engineers to optimize the implementation, test and tune the algorithm for mobile devices. You will also develop the methodology for automated and expedited tuning for reduce manual effort.  You will develop auto exposure and auto focus algorithms and work with Software Engineers to integrate the algorithm into the Android platform and optimize performance. You will be in charge of commercializing the algorithms on mobile devices and work with image quality engineers to fine tune the algorithm for highest quality. You will also develop automated tuning methodology to expedite the tuning process and reduce manual effort.  Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.  Responsibilities  Develop auto white balance, auto exposure, auto focus, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection algorithms for mobile device cameras  Design methodology for automated tuning to reduce manual labor  Commercialize the algorithms for Google products  Engage with different sensor and module vendors and incorporate the new technology into Google products. Work with different SOC vendors to integrate the algorithms onto their platforms.  Implement, optimize and integrate the algorithms onto target device platforms  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in camera automatic control algorithm development implementation (i.e. auto white balance, auto focus, auto exposure, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection).     Preferred qualifications:   Master's or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Our computational challenges are so big, complex and unique we can't just purchase off-the-shelf hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Your team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As a Hardware Engineer, you design and build the systems that are the heart of the world's largest and most powerful computing infrastructure. You develop from the lowest levels of circuit design to large system design and see those systems all the way through to high volume manufacturing. Your work has the potential to shape the machinery that goes into our cutting-edge data centers affecting millions of Google users.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Develop high performance and low power flows to enable Google’s continuous innovations in mobile hardware.  Manage the cloud-based infrastructure for the performance team.  Develop cloud infrastructure methodologies, automation scripts and write documentation.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical, Computer Engineering, related degree or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in a scripting language like Perl or Python.  Experience with version-control tool such as Git, Perforce.  Experience with Make, Jenkins, Regressions.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical or Computer Engineering or equivalent field.  Experience with cloud infrastructure and configuration sweeps.  Experience with creating reporting tools or dashboards on the infrastructure.  Experience with creating reporting tools or dashboards on Performance metrics.  Familiarity with emulators like Mentor Veloce or Cadence Palladium or Synopsys Zebu.  Google's brand is only as strong as our users' trust--and their steadfast belief that our guiding principles are what's best for them. Our Trust and Safety team has the critical responsibility of protecting Google's users by ensuring online safety by fighting web abuse and fraud across Google products like Search, Maps, AdWords and AdSense. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic leader. You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google developers and Product Managers to navigate challenging online safety situations and handle abuse and fraud cases at Google speed (read: fast!). Help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all.  As a Policy Analyst, you will work as part of a global team with a dynamic set of responsibilities, collaborating with a wide range of stakeholders in multiple locations. Interacting with technology, product, legal, and business development teams, you will enforce the Google Search network for compliance with our ad policies across Google’s partner network at site and account levels. You have technical skills, proven analytical abilities, interest in the role, and an insatiable passion for latest developments in the online industry to properly defend the Search network from abuse. You have executive communication and stakeholder management skills. You are able to work independently on complex, time sensitive problems through a focused and conscientious approach identifying issues in the fine print and working diligently to help Google solve any policy problems.  At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Gaining and retaining this trust is critically important to Google’s success. We defend Google's integrity by fighting spam, fraud and abuse, and develop and communicate state-of-the-art product policies. The Trust and Safety team reduces risk and protects the experience of our users and business partners in more than 40 languages and across Google's expanding base of products. We work with a variety of teams from Engineering to Legal, Public Policy and Sales Engineering to set policies and combat fraud and abuse in a scalable way, often with an eye to finding industry-wide solutions. Trust and Safety team members are motivated to find innovative solutions, and use technical know-how, user insights and proactive communication to pursue the highest possible quality and safety standards for users across Google products.  Responsibilities  Analyze policy trends, identify new flags to spot abuse and work directly with other members of your team to prevent complex abuse issues; enhance our operational workflows via process improvements.  Identify and develop solutions for scalable enforcement on non-compliant publisher inventory; present a unified enforcement experience to external publishers and support internal sales teams.  Conduct complex data analyses and identify opportunities/sources for new signals, automation, and workflow improvements, then driving the utilization of these new signals to completion.  Drive solutions through analysis and/or cross-functional partnership; mentor and provide guidance to team members.  Lead cross-functional projects to push for policy changes and close possible product flaws that make Google products susceptible for abuse; manage projects through the full lifecycle and responsibilities effectively across multiple product areas.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Law or related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of related work experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Proficiency in querying languages (MySQL, Dremel, etc.) and database structures. Experience with coding and scripting (Python, C++, Java, R, etc.).  Comfortable making tough decisions, balancing competing interests with stakeholders and using creative problems solving skills in a fast-paced environment.  Exceptional stakeholder management and collaboration skills in a cross-functional team environment across multiple locations; excellent written and oral business communication skills.  Ability to work independently and complete projects from beginning to end and in a timely manner.  Ability to navigate and influence cross-team stakeholders; mentorship and leadership skills.  Understanding of how the Internet works economically, socially, and technically with interest in innovation, technology and Google products; expert in fraud investigations, fraud risk management, Internet advertising, or e-commerce.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  As a Prediction Services Software Engineer you will be responsible for building a learning platform for the conscious home. We work closely with algorithm Engineers to build machine learning services that help our products think. If you’re a talented Engineer who enjoys the challenges of working with large data systems, real-time services, and building scalable machine learning algorithms, we’d like to hear from you!  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Deliver large scale, real-time machine learning/data applications leveraging Nest's distributed big data infrastructure.  Diagnose problems that can only arise in a complex distributed environment.  Collaborate with Engineering, Operations, Analytics, Marketing and Business teams.  Contribute to the design and development of Nest's core algorithm service, including algorithm research and development, model training, real-time prediction and decision making  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience in Software Engineering working with Java or Scala.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience building high quality, large-scale distributed systems using Java, Scala, C++ and/or Python.  Experience working with large-scale data storage systems (e.g. BigTable, Cassandra, BigQuery).  Experience working with data processing, loading and transformation systems (e.g. MapReduce, Spark, Dataflow).  Willingness to learn and adapt as our understanding of the target market evolves.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Help build a world class team and cultivate innovation.  Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  10 years of relevant work experience, or 5 years of relevant work experience with a PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience in Software Development in one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, Java, Python, JavaScript, C#, Go, Objective-C and/or Swift.  Experience architecting and developing large scale design.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field.   Experience working with one or more from the following:  Infrastructure, Machine Learning, Mobile Application Development, Embedded Systems, Front End Development, Security and Privacy.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Google's brand is only as strong as our users' trust--and their steadfast belief that our guiding principles are what's best for them. Our Trust and Safety team has the critical responsibility of protecting Google's users by ensuring online safety by fighting web abuse and fraud across Google products. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic leader. You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google developers and Product Managers to navigate challenging online safety situations and handle abuse and fraud cases at Google speed (read: fast!). Help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all.    As a Trust and Safety Strategist, you are responsible for protecting the integrity of some of Google's key products, including Google Search, Google Maps, AdWords, Adsense, Google Checkout and Google Product Search. You investigate financial fraud, account-related abuse, questionable business practices, violations of Google's policies, and general misuse of our products. You are introduced to dynamic analytical techniques and you leverage custom-built technology to have a direct impact on improving the experience of millions of Google users. You subscribe to a "user-first" philosophy and are interested in improving Google's user experience and product integrity. You are comfortable navigating ambiguity and thrive in a fast-paced environment. You harness your analytical and technical skills to drive tool development and process improvements.  At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Gaining and retaining this trust is critically important to Google’s success. We defend Google's integrity by fighting spam, fraud and abuse, and develop and communicate state-of-the-art product policies. The Trust and Safety team reduces risk and protects the experience of our users and business partners in more than 40 languages and across Google's expanding base of products. We work with a variety of teams from Engineering to Legal, Public Policy and Sales Engineering to set policies and combat fraud and abuse in a scalable way, often with an eye to finding industry-wide solutions. Trust and Safety team members are motivated to find innovative solutions, and use technical know-how, user insights and proactive communication to pursue the highest possible quality and safety standards for users across Google products.  Responsibilities  Perform statistical analyses on huge data sets to determine trends and develop business insights in order to protect Google’s users.  Utilize machine learning to scale, and optimize and automate our abuse fighting efforts.  Assist with designing and building infrastructure to facilitate analysis and experimentation.  Develop metrics for measuring and understanding Google’s effectiveness at combating fraud. Conduct investigations into sophisticated forms of abuse, take action on fraudsters and close attack vectors.  Translate business needs into data modeling initiatives and work with engineers to put predictive models into production.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Social Sciences, related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant full time work experience.   Programming experience in one of the following languages:  Python, C++ or Java.     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Social Sciences or related field.  Experience with cyber security. g common and unknown computer risks.  Experience with machine learning, data mining, or building statistical methods.  Ability to thrive in a fun, collaborative and fast-paced environment.  The Business Strategy &amp; Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.  The Advanced Statistical Modeling group is a part of the Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) Revenue Innovations team. Our responsibilities include building the recommendation engine for the GMS Sales force to increase their impact and efficiency, as well as answer numerous business questions using predictive modeling and data analysis.  You will have the chance to build advanced statistical models and launch them into production, learn and apply modern machine learning techniques and sharpen your skills to answer major business questions using statistical modeling/data mining. You will see how the power of statistical analysis and modeling drives a large impact on Google’s business.  When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for every type of businesses.  Responsibilities  Build predictive models and help launch them into production.  Answer business questions through data analysis, statistical modeling and data mining.  Help the team with methodology and guidance in the areas of experiment design and data analysis.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  6 years of experience in statistical modeling, data mining and data analysis.  Experience with languages R and SQL.  People management experience.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or MA/MS/PhD degree in Statistics.  Experience programming in Python.  Distinctive problem solving, analysis skills and impeccable business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  You have experience in lower-level computer systems, computer architecture, embedded systems and kernel development. Areas of development may include BIOS, Linux kernel, device drivers, embedded firmware, performance tuning, debugging tools, tests and release management.  As an Embedded Software Engineer at Google, you will have the opportunity to pioneer, develop and build out our footprint in consumer hardware/software. You will design and develop the fastest fiber optic internet and data center networks, engineer and build products that contribute to the Android-Chrome ecosystem, and help develop new technology tools for physicians that can integrate easily into daily life and help transform the detection, prevention and management of disease. You will build and launch smart wearables and other related products in line with Google's ambitious and visionary objectives, and lay the low-level groundwork for moonshots across the company!  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or relevant technical field or equivalent practical experience  1 year of relevant work experience.  Development experience within embedded systems/firmware design.  Experience coding in C/C++     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field  Experience with audio and video processing or DSP, including but not limited to AV synchronization, Open GL/CL, codecs, AV/Media, or speech/audio recognition and synthesis.  Knowledge of Unix/Linux environments and kernel development.   Knowledge of one or more of the following:  Microcontrollers, SoC, device drivers, hardware bringup, power management, ARM processors, performance optimization, file systems, bootloading, firmware, x86 assembly, system BIOS or hardware/software integration.  As a Software Engineer for Data Collection, you will be focused on design and implementation of components and systems that collect, transform, and enrich data from customer devices and networks.  Born from X, the moonshot factory, Chronicle is the newest independent company within Alphabet. We are dedicated to helping companies find and stop cyber attacks before they cause harm. We work with the entire security industry to give good the advantage in the fight against cybercrime. Joining experts in large-scale cloud computing, big data, machine learning, and cybersecurity, you'll help build out the next generation of security intelligence solutions.  Responsibilities  Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.  Experience in Software Development in Go, C/C++ and/or Java.  Experience architecting and developing large scale systems capable of collecting and processing data.     Preferred qualifications:   Background in cyber-security.  Understanding of network architecture, protocols and standards  Knowledge in Linux, Windows, and/or MacOS.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google Spotlight Stories is our platform for delivering high quality, interactive, animated short stories to smartphones and AR/VR devices. Each new story leverages our technology to showcase the talent of leading directors, artists, and storytellers from the feature film and animation industries. Technologically, each production is akin to a distinct game, with challenging new requirements for engine subsystems, visual effects, and tools.  As an ATAP Graphics Software Engineer, you will work on multiple areas of engine development for upcoming stories, including implementing and optimizing rendering and animation subsystems, shaders, in-game and offline tools. You will have a critical eye for improvements across all of our tech and processes: workflow, code quality, engine stability and performance.  One of the driving forces of innovation at Google is our Advanced Technologies and Projects (ATAP) team. ATAP is a fast-paced, solution-oriented group developing and executing projects at the point where emerging science/technology trends meet consumer needs, products and services. Googlers working on ATAP projects will create demonstrations and user experiences that appear magical, simple and wondrous—and deliver at lightning speeds.  Responsibilities  Propose, design, and implement game engine features such as rendering and animation capabilities, data management  Implement and optimize in-game and offline tools for developers and content creators using our rendering engine  Optimize low level systems for target hardware  Create documentation and test code for our tools and APIs  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   5 years of game and/or graphics programming experience in C/C++.   Experience in one or more of the following areas:  shader effects, rendering systems, physics and collisions, low level animation systems, scene and resource management, multithreaded programming.  Experience working with multidisciplinary teams and experience collaborating with artists on visuals and graphics techniques.  Experience with OpenGL or OpenGL ES, Direct X, Vulkan, Metal and cross-platform development.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS degree or relevant experience  Experience with performance analysis and low-level optimization techniques, Lua scripting and ARM/NEON assembly  VR and/or AR experience  Developed and released games for iOS, Android, PC or console and experience with game asset pipelines and content creation tools development  Strong 3D mathematics skills (matrices, vectors, and trigonometry)  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Design software systems that interface with humans, machines and other software.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Development experience in C or C++, with Object Oriented and algorithmic experience.  Experience with networking software (e.g., TCP/IP, IP Tables, NAT, Deep Packet Inspection, IPV4, IPV6, routing protocols, etc.).  Experience with Software Defined Networking, Network Function Virtualization, OpenFlow, or ForCES.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience architecting and developing software for scalable, distributed systems.  Experience with data center networking, container networking.  Experience with LTE, Evolved Packet Core (EPC), Voice/RCS, Fast Packet Processing, Lawful Intercept, High Availability, Linux, Kernel Bypass, Fast Packet Processing  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  On the ARCore team, you’ll build software to make augmented reality more collaborative and useful. Imagine being able to redecorate a room with a friend, get walking navigation directions from your smartphone's camera, or see information about the Eiffel Tower when you look at it. You’ll work on all this and more.  The Google Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality team is a fast moving group of engineers, designers, and research scientists tasked with building the foundations for great immersive and augmented reality apps and prototyping novel, delightful user experiences. We are focused on making virtual reality accessible to millions of people through mobile devices, and its scope continues to grow and evolve.    Responsibilities  Design new AR features, building new APIs, services, and tools from scratch.  Collaborate with internal and external teams to define new capabilities for AR.  Launch new APIs/features in Google’s AR products including ARCore and Android.  Leverage technology like Visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (VSLAM), Visual Inertial Odometry (VIO), and Image Processing.  Work on projects in C++, Java, Objective C, or Swift.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.  Experience in Augmented Reality including but not limited to Computer Vision, Computational Geometry, Visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (VSLAM), Visual Inertial Odometry (VIO), and/or Image Processing.  Experience with mobile development in Android, iOS, or other constrained mobile environments.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science or a related field.  Experience with sensor accuracy, calibration, and fusion.  In this role you will be squarely focused on frontend UI/UX implementation and architectural decisions, but some interest or experience with full-stack work and/or with backend product work is also a plus. Most frontend development will be in Typescript and Polymer.  Born from X, the moonshot factory, Chronicle is the newest independent company within Alphabet. We are dedicated to helping companies find and stop cyber attacks before they cause harm. We work with the entire security industry to give good the advantage in the fight against cybercrime. Joining experts in large-scale cloud computing, big data, machine learning, and cybersecurity, you'll help build out the next generation of security intelligence solutions.  Responsibilities  Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience with experience developing UI/UX as part of a team.  Experience in Software Development with Javascript and Javascript frameworks.  Experience with writing and debugging UI/UX code for the Chrome browser and with UI/UX testing environments (such as WebDriver).     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience with Typescript and Polymer.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  As a Machine Learning Cloud Consultant, you will work directly with Google’s most strategic customers on critical projects to help them transform their businesses. You will help our customers understand how Google’s products can be used to support a wide range of data analytics and machine learning workloads. You will provide management, consulting and technical horsepower to customer engagements while working with client executives and key technical leaders to deploy solutions via Google’s Cloud Platform.  You'll also work closely with key Google partners currently servicing top accounts to manage programs, deliver consulting services, and provide technical guidance and best practice expertise.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Interact with sales/partner leads and technical stakeholders to translate complex customer requirements into recommendations for appropriate solution architectures and consulting services.  Participate in technical and design discussions with technical executives, acting to speed adoption and ensure best practices during implementation.  Provide a point of escalation for customer inquiries and serve as the first point of contact to Google for consulting services.  Work with customer technical leads, client executives, and partners to manage and deliver successful migrations to cloud solutions.  Work closely with practice areas, product and engineering to package best practices and lessons learned into thought leadership, methodologies and product strategy.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a technical or engineering field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.   Experience with one or more of the following:  machine learning, recommendation systems, natural language processing, computer vision, pattern recognition, or artificial intelligence.  Experience with one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Java, or C/C++, R.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience  Experience in a statistical programming language like R or Python and applied machine learning techniques (i.e. dimensionality reduction strategies, classification, and natural language processing frameworks).  Experience designing and deploying with one or more the following technologies: Tensor Flow, Spark ML, CNTK, Torch, Caffe  Systems design experience with ability to architect and explain data analytics pipelines and data flows.  Strong cross-functional project management, communication, and stakeholder management skills. Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills, with a focus on translating business requirements into technology solutions.  Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. As an Analyst, you’ll use your technical expertise, business acumen and client relations skills to help our team find and develop the best talent in the world. Whether it’s forecasting hiring needs, developing tools to automate HR systems or analyzing the impact of one of our staffing programs, your work will be crucial in ensuring that we make intelligent, data-driven decisions. You’ll work in close partnership with the staffing and operations management teams to lead action-oriented analyses and provide regular weekly and monthly reports on performance and trends. Projects might include applying statistical techniques to make hiring projections for a specific function or role, using supply chain techniques to provide forward looking insight into our candidate pipeline or developing models to build our global resource planning model. Above all else, you’ll focus on ensuring that our organization is well-informed and able to make our people-related processes and systems better, faster and more user-friendly.  As a Staffing and Operations Analyst, you’ll play an important role in helping our People Services Operations team ensure that Googlers and future Googlers have a magical experience from before they’re hired to their first day on the job, and throughout their career in Google. You’ll work in close partnership with the Operations management team to lead action-oriented analyses and provide regular insights, and at times reports, on performance and related trends. Projects might include applying statistical techniques to analyze organizational effectiveness, developing models to build our global resource planning model, or helping to define our technology roadmap. Above all else, you’ll focus on ensuring that our People Operations organization is well-informed and able to make thoughtful, data-driven decisions.  The Google People Services Operations function is the services and program management group within People Operations that makes HR stuff easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our team optimizes people processes, from problem definition to execution. We partner with teams across People Operations and in Engineering to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast-paced environment to deliver multiple operational services, manage the contingent workforce, and implement HR programs across multiple countries.  Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Structure and perform analyses independently, and conduct research to uncover the insights that support our recommendations.  Develop analysis and partner with Staffing leadership in order to define and analyze key success metrics, measure efficiency, and inform the best possible business decisions.  Prioritize and work effectively in an environment with competing demands.  Understand the GPS Operations and People Operations process landscape to identify opportunities to improve processes in order to ensure a magical Googler experience.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Business Administration, Computer Science, Finance, Statistics, related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant work experience.  Experience in management consulting or business strategy with work experience as an analyst or in an analytical role.  Spreadsheet software experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with SQL, Python or R.  Deep modeling experience.  Experience in management consulting or other business strategy experience.  Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured environment; comfort dealing with ambiguity.  Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with capability to process large amounts of data to drive business strategies and decisions.  Excellent communications skills. Solutions and client service-oriented, with an emphasis on creativity and diligence.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  Geo’s mission is to assist users as they navigate and explore the world, wherever they are. Making that mission a reality includes a well oiled, effective operations team that is deployed in everything from bootstrapping data collection to moderating incoming user edits to imagery hardware development to ad hoc data evaluation to training machine learning models. The goal of Geo Data Operations is to contribute to Geo’s mission by delivering world class geo data by utilizing human resources in the most valuable ways possible.  As our operations are evolving we’re just beginning to tap into the opportunities that Machine Learning will unlock for geo data. We need a toolkit that moves with us into the next stage of our operations, scales with the team and is nimble enough to meet future demands.  The Geo team builds the most accurate, comprehensive, and useful maps for our users. More than a billion people rely on Google Maps services to explore the world and navigate their daily lives. That includes sailing down the Amazon river, choosing where to get a bite of pizza, flying over a 3D version of New York City and saving time commuting.    Geo helps merchants get their businesses on Google, and more than a million developers use the power of Google Maps to enhance their apps and websites. They are solving complex computer science problems, designing beautiful and intuitive product experiences and improving the accuracy of our geo data, all in order to plot a course for the future of mapping.  Responsibilities  Work with the global program managers and engineering teams to develop and deliver next-stage operations tooling solutionsthrough strategy and requirements building, prioritization, and technical development and leadership.  Understand the existing machine learning (ML) tools, platforms, and strategies that are being developed and used at Google and beyond.  Work closely with Technical Program Managers and business analysts across the organization to initiate, develop, anddeploy an ML tools platform - including ownership of ongoing development and improvement of this platform.  Advocate your strategic vision with Geo leadership, Program Managers, and Engineers to align these tools with Geo’s broader, longer term goals.  Spearhead the knowledge dissemination and adoption of advanced tool solutions to a variety of clients and drive changes based on their feedback.Support other tools in our toolkit via Engineering/Operations advocacy, intermediate technicaltroubleshooting and prioritization, and thought leadership.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  10 years of experience managing highly-complex, technically-challenging projects involving globally dispersed teams.  5 years of work or educational experience developing Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence tools and solutions.  Experience spearheading the successful adoption and continuous improvement of advanced tool solutions at the cross-functional and client level.     Preferred qualifications:   Ability to learn new business and technical skills quickly and to adapt to changing environments.  Ability to define projects and execute within timelines and with multiple stakeholders. Proven ability todeliver projects on time and to budget.  Ability to effectively influence and communicate cross-functionally, including the technical judgment toinfluence engineers.  Logical thinking, independent decision making, problem solving skills, and ability to make trade-offs  Excellent analytical, communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Are you passionate about developing image processing algorithms on leading edge mobile hardware? Join our team to transform imaging as we know it today. From 3As to ISPs to computational photography, we are creating tomorrow’s photography experience. You will work hands-on with scientists and engineers in one of the most advanced image quality labs built. You will also research, learn, build, and deploy camera systems that will excite users across the world!  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, implement and optimize algorithms for Google products.  Develop new algorithms to improve the image/video quality (SNR, color reproduction, stabilization, facial enhancements) or enable new photography features.  Develop auto white balance, auto exposure, auto focus, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection algorithms for Google products.  Work cross-functionally with hardware teams to support algorithm implementation and optimization.  Integrate imaging simulation controls, image analysis and data visualization.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience in computer vision/machine learning, image processing, or computer graphics.  Experience in computational photography algorithm or ISP (3A and image restoration/enhancement algorithms) development.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience with camera automatic control algorithm development implementation (i.e. auto white balance, auto focus, auto exposure, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection).  Experience in GPU, Halide, or other functional languages.  Interest in consumer cameras and photography.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Graphics Software Engineer at Google, you will have the opportunity to pioneer, develop and build out our stunning visual experiences. You may investigate, prototype and implement solutions to achieve the highest quality graphics possible in software and consumer hardware. You have experience in one or more areas of computer graphics; areas may include rendering, mathematics, computational geometry, graphic frameworks and libraries or other graphic related technologies.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of experience with computer graphic frameworks and libraries, including but not limited to OpenGL, DirectX, or Vulkan.  Professional coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python or Go.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science with an emphasis on graphics.  Experience with 3D rendering, GPU optimization or optimized rendering engines.  Experience with mathematics, computational geometry, or other graphic related technologies.  Experience with graphics hardware architecture.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Software Engineer working on Google's infrastructure, you have the opportunity to work on everything from the core platform that runs the world's largest distributed network to redefining the systems that allow applications and services to provide useful information to billions of users around the globe. From our Data Center software groups to Google's Cloud Platform, Gmail to YouTube, our infrastructure engineers across departments wrestle with the vast scale of a ubiquitous system, its products, and services and revolutionize industry leading technologies to handle the sheer magnitude at which Google operates.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your strong background in distributed systems and large scale storage systems.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1-year of relevant work experience in software development.  Professional coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python or Go.  Experience architecting and developing large scale distributed systems. Experience in concurrency, multithreading and synchronization.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science.  Experience with Unix/Linux environments.  Experience with TCP/IP and network programming.  Experience with database internals, database language theories, database design, SQL and database programming.  Understanding of technologies such as virtualization and global infrastructure, load balancing, networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce and security.  Interest or exposure to networking technologies/concepts such as Software Defined Networking (SDN) and OpenFlow.  YouTube's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how millions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our ambitions reach far beyond just Search. Our products need to handle information at the scale of the web. We're looking for ideas from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, and user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you work on a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fast-paced business grows and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to take on new problems as we continue to push technology forward.With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share.  Responsibilities  Design, implement and launch highly-visible, user-facing features.  Develop new ways for YouTube users to find interesting content.  Design and develop large scale web applications.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.   Experience working with two or more from the following:  web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, big data, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, and/or developing large software systems.  Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, or JavaScript.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  We believe there are many problems in the world in which robotics could play a significant role in making it easier, faster and safer for people to get things done. We’re looking for roboticists, designers, hardware and software engineers to help us explore these possibilities, develop breakthrough technologies, and build new products that could help millions of people.  As a Roboticist Software Engineer, you have strong C/C++ skills and an interest in Machine Learning. You are excited about making robots significantly more capable than they are today at performing useful tasks in real environments. In a team of software engineers, roboticists, and control engineers, you will develop systems to allow robots manipulate the environment and learn new tasks easily.  X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world-changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x].  Responsibilities  Work with experts in the field of Machine Learning and perception.  Advance the state of the art in getting robots to manipulate their environment and perform everyday tasks.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Master's degree in Robotics, Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience programming in C++.  Experience in hands-on robotics research.  Experience in data structures and algorithms.     Preferred qualifications:   PhD in Robotics, Computer Science or equivalent field.  Experience with field robotics and systems design.  Experience with robust, safety-critical, efficient code.  Experience in machine learning.  Primary responsibilities for this role will be squarely focused on backend design and implementation, but some interest or experience with full-stack work and/or with user-facing product work is a plus. Most backend development will be in Go, Java and C++.  Born from X, the moonshot factory, Chronicle is the newest independent company within Alphabet. We are dedicated to helping companies find and stop cyber attacks before they cause harm. We work with the entire security industry to give good the advantage in the fight against cybercrime. Joining experts in large-scale cloud computing, big data, machine learning, and cybersecurity, you'll help build out the next generation of security intelligence solutions.  Responsibilities  Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.  Experience in software development in one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, Java, Python, or Go.  Experience architecting and developing large scale systems processing data.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field.   Experience working with one or more from the following:  Indexing and searching huge amounts of data, Infrastructure, Machine Learning, Front End Development, Security and Privacy.  Strong familiarity with cyber-security (attacks, defenses), and experience analyzing/processing cyber-security-related big-data to derive useful insights  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Our computational challenges are so big, complex and unique we can't just purchase off-the-shelf hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Your team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As a Hardware Engineer, you design and build the systems that are the heart of the world's largest and most powerful computing infrastructure. You develop from the lowest levels of circuit design to large system design and see those systems all the way through to high volume manufacturing. Your work has the potential to shape the machinery that goes into our cutting-edge data centers affecting millions of Google users.    With your technical expertise, you lead projects in multiple areas of expertise (i.e., engineering domains or systems) within a data center facility, including construction and equipment installation/troubleshooting/debugging with vendors.  Advanced Technology and Projects (ATAP) is a fast-paced, project-focused innovation group. Projects are developed and executed at the intersection of ambitious science and an urgent user need or application.  Project Soli is a new radar-based interaction sensor that offers exciting opportunities in designing novel touchless interfaces for consumer devices, wearables, Internet of Things (IoT), smart environments, automotive and other applications.As part of Project Soli team, you'll develop and implement sensing algorithms for radar-based sensors. You will define performance metrics and testing methodologies for algorithm evaluation. You will contribute to the specification, measurement, and optimization of radar systems based on sensing requirements. You will also work closely with the application and UX teams to improve sensing performance and play an integral role enabling a new state-of-the-art touchless interface.  One of the driving forces of innovation at Google is our Advanced Technologies and Projects (ATAP) team. ATAP is a fast-paced, solution-oriented group developing and executing projects at the point where emerging science/technology trends meet consumer needs, products and services. Googlers working on ATAP projects will create demonstrations and user experiences that appear magical, simple and wondrous—and deliver at lightning speeds.  Responsibilities  Develop and implement signal processing techniques for radar-based interaction sensors, including detection, positioning, tracking, and parameter estimation.  Develop signal processing performance metrics and testing methodologies.  Contribute to analysis of algorithmic computational complexity and memory requirements.  Work with Hardware Engineers to specify and optimize radar design and configuration for sensing use cases.  Interface closely with Application and UX Engineers to develop use case sensing requirements and improve sensing performance.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Master’s degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering or related technical discipline, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience in signal processing development and implementation.  Experience in sensor hardware systems, data structures, algorithms and software design.     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering or related technical discipline, or equivalent practical experience.  Understanding of multi-target detection, tracking techniques, signal analysis and estimation techniques.  Familiarity with radar, and demonstrated C programming skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to handle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Storage Analytics is a high impact team dedicated to help build the best storage systems in the world. To achieve this, we’re working on projects to measure and analyze workloads, to evaluate new storage architectures and designs, and to help create the next generation of large scale distributed storage.  The Software Engineer role in Storage Analytics bridges the gap between Software Engineer and Data Scientist, and you will work and collaborate closely with Data Scientists on the team. We want our engineers to be curious, passionate about exploring new possibilities, interested in learning about new technologies and eager to explore open-ended problems.  In addition to designing software, you'll use various techniques such as stochastic modeling, statistical analysis, and machine learning. In this role you are allowed and encouraged to turn research ideas in storage systems design into real systems operating at the largest scales.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting-edge research, analysis, and modeling of Google’s infrastructure, particularly storage systems.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Master’s degree in Computer Science or similar technical degree, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++ or Python.  Experience with simulation and modeling of systems and/or statistics.  Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Strong computer systems experience.  Data analysis and visualization experience.  Exposure to industrial or academic research.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of work or educational experience in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python  4 years of relevant work experience, including software development experience, or 1 year of relevant work experience with a PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field.   Experience with one or more of the following:  Natural Language Processing, text understanding, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Soli is a new pico radar for touchless interaction and environmental awareness. The goal of the project is to enable rich and consistent touchless interaction across various device categories and verticals.  One of the driving forces of innovation at Google is our Advanced Technologies and Projects (ATAP) team. ATAP is a fast-paced, solution-oriented group developing and executing projects at the point where emerging science/technology trends meet consumer needs, products and services. Googlers working on ATAP projects will create demonstrations and user experiences that appear magical, simple and wondrous—and deliver at lightning speeds.  Responsibilities  Work to develop custom algorithms, infrastructure, and tools that enable touchless interactions.  Collaborate with other Machine Learning Engineers, Signal Processing Experts and UX Designers to shape, explore, and deliver magical user experiences in high-impact Hardware Products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant industry experience.  Experience working with C++ or Python and experience designing a distributed machine learning system or other applied machine learning experience in production systems.  Experience building and shipping hardware products.     Preferred qualifications:    Experience with one or more of the following:  Signal Processing, classification, regression, wireless communications and/or Machine Learning backend infrastructure.  Experience with MATLAB, matplotlib and algorithms.  Familiarity with tensorflow, flume and data pipelines.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.   Experience working with two or more from the following:  web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.  Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience developing accessible technologies.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  The Cloud Revenue Acceleration team (RevX) focuses on boosting business growth of Google Cloud using quantitative programs. These programs combine data science, workflow solutions, and sales strategy to drive long-term customer growth.  As a Data Scientist on the RevX team, you will be solving difficult and non-routine problems by applying analytical methods to achieve results. You will be responsible for processing, analyzing and interpreting large and complex data sets, with emphasis in delivering data-driven insights and solutions. You will collaborate closely with Engineers, Program Managers and other stakeholders to implement model-based solutions, measure the effectiveness of programs and drive customer growth and success.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Process large amounts of data from multiple sources and extract relevant insights.  Research new ways of modeling data for actionable insights and processes improvement.  Perform statistical analyses and build machine learning solutions to support Google Cloud business needs.  Collaborate on complex and technical work with effective communication to develop quantitative strategies.  Design agile and rigorous experiments to measure effectiveness of models, tools and programs.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Operations Research, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, etc.), or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in analyzing and modeling data sets.  Experience in applying statistical and machine learning methods to solve real-world problems.  Experience with statistical software and database languages (e.g. SQL, R, Python, MATLAB, etc.).     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with the Google Cloud Platform.  Familiarity with Machine Learning libraries (e.g. TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, Keras, Theano, Torch, etc).  Ability to draw conclusions from data and recommend actions.  Developed communication skills to translate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a cross-functional audience.   Google Technical Services:  Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions.  As a Data Scientist you will work closely with our largest clients and produce innovative and actionable quantitative models and analyses to address the challenges of marketing effectiveness, ROI, and prediction. The Global Premium Services team is a solution-generating force that helps our sales teams and advertisers. These solutions need to be scalable to support millions of customers worldwide. In addition to troubleshooting on the customer side, we work with Sales, Product and Engineering teams within Google to develop better tools and services to improve our products based on the evolving needs of our users. As a cross-functional and global team, it's our job to help keep the lights on and the ads relevant.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Lead analytics aspects of client engagements in the area of marketing effectiveness and marketing portfolio management (with deep knowledge of modeling).  Work effectively with clients to align Google Analytics 360 Suite attribution and analytic solutions with key organizational challenges and develop value-based roadmaps to solve client business issues on a continuous and repeatable basis.  Collaborate with clients to build an end-to-end machine learning framework. Engage various stakeholders, assess data readiness. Be able to scale a proof of concept to a larger solution.  Work with client and internal teams to translate data and model results into tactical and strategic insights that are clear, complete, accurate, relevant, understandable and applicable to decision making and needs for varying client audiences. Co-present to and work with clients to integrate recommendations into business processes.  Collaborate with Product/Engineering teams to increase and optimize capabilities, employing methods which create opportunities for scale, proactively helping to drive innovation.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Engineering or an Applied Science or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of quantitative analytics experience with a focus on marketing analytics, statistical modeling, machine learning, digital attribution, forecasting, optimization and/or predictive analytics.  Experience with media (paid, owned and earned).  Programming experience in Python and/or R.     Preferred qualifications:   Strong SQL and big data experience.  Proven experience delivering bespoke analytics to senior stakeholders (problem scoping/definition, modeling, interpretation, presentation).  Experience using and/or deploying digital analytics and measurement solutions.  Expert level knowledge of statistical programming languages (R/Python/Tensorflow).  Ability to visualize models and results. Ability to debug and troubleshoot code and models.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. This team will allow you to work on projects that will aim to make all our products accessible to everyone, with a particular focus on users with special needs or disabilities.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Users with disabilities pose many unique technical challenges, as we seek to address at global scale needs that vary from individual to individual.  As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. You are versatile, display leadership qualities and are enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Write solid, maintainable, well tested client code.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in computer science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Programming experience in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java and/or Python.  Experience with assistive technologies such as screen readers, scanning interfaces or assistive listening devices.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  1-year of relevant work experience, including experience with UNIX/Linux or Windows environments, distributed systems, machine learning, information retrieval and TCP/IP.  Experience with and a passion for user-interface design.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Partner with internal business teams to define business processes and associated system requirements.  Participate in systems implementation projects (i.e. requirements documentation, systems configuration, test documentation and execution, issue identification and resolution).  Plan, prioritize, and deliver systems enhancements.  Support and upgrade implemented systems.  Experience working on a variety of enterprise applications and problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years experience integrating 3rd party business applications.  Experience in system development in one or more of the following: Legal, Payroll/Time &amp; Attendance (UltiPro &amp; Kronos), Finance (Procure to Pay, Order to Cash, Accounting), Treasury, Human Resources, M&amp;A (Workday), Master Data Services and/or PLM/CAD (Windchill).     Preferred qualifications:   MS in Computer Science or related field.  10 years of relevant work experience  Strong hands-on skills using SQL and relational database management systems (Oracle, MySQL, Sybase, SQL Server).  Successful track record in working with cross-functional engineering teams.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, strong analytical skills, and ability to deal with ambiguity in a rapidly changing business environment.  Google's statisticians and quantitative analysts work within our Software Engineering organization, including Life Sciences, Geo, Project Aura, Technical Infrastructure, and Advertising. We analyze huge sets of data and continually run live experiments in order to help drive critical decisions at Google. Specifically, we support the development of innovative, highly scalable, next-generation technologies through deep research and advanced analysis.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Provide research on topics including Google's business model and novel search techniques.  Produce quantitative and qualitative modeling of business dynamics, user behavior, etc.  Identify areas for further investigation as well as creating innovative methods of analysis.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a PhD in statistics, biostatistics, computer science, mathematics, operations research, or another discipline involving experimental design and quantitative analysis of experimental data.  Must be enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience using technology to work with datasets such as scripting, Python, statistical software packages (R, S-Plus, SAS or similar).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, and sampling methods.  Strong track record of developing intellectual capital such as published works.  Authorization to work in the United States.  As a Data Scientist, you will evaluate and improve Google's products. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving consumer products, and understanding the behavior of end-users, advertisers, and publishers.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, data scientists not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.  Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products.  Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.  Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).  2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).  Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications.  4 years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a statistician / computational biologist / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included.  Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.  Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.  Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.  Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.  At Google, data drives all of our decision-making. Quantitative Analysts work all across the organization to help shape Google's business and technical strategies by processing, analyzing and interpreting huge data sets. Using analytical rigor and statistical methods, you mine through data to identify opportunities for Google and our clients to operate more efficiently, from enhancing advertising efficacy to network infrastructure optimization to studying user behavior. As an analyst, you do more than just crunch the numbers. You work with Engineers, Product Managers, Sales Associates and Marketing teams to adjust Google's practices according to your findings. Identifying the problem is only half the job; you also figure out the solution.    As a key member of the team, you work with engineers to analyze and interpret data, develop metrics to measure results and integrate new methodologies into existing systems.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed; Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.  Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to Google products.  Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.  Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, bioinformatics, computational biology, computer science, applied mathematics, or similar) or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in data analysis or related field.  Experience with statistical software (R, S-Plus, SAS, or similar).  Experience with databases and scripting languages (such as Python).     Preferred qualifications:   1 year of relevant work experience (i.e., data scientist role), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods.  Experience with Survey Sampling.  Ability to draw conclusions from data and recommend actions.  Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.  At Google, data drives all of our decision-making, and our HR organization is no exception. The People Analytics team acts as an internal innovation lab, using analytical approaches to make sure Google continues to be a great place to work. The team provides critical support to the business around issues of organizational health and is responsible for not just taking the pulse of our Googlers, but harnessing Googler feedback to drive change for the better. As an analyst you'll be detail-oriented and conscientious, analytical and curious. You're a strong problem-solver, who uses both quantitative and qualitative methods to get things done. And on top of it all, you're someone who wonders "What if?" and then seeks out the solution.  As a People Analyst, you will play an important role in helping our global HR team address the POps (People Operations) related data and analytical needs of their teams and clients across the globe. You will serve as the single interface to People Partners to provide analytical answers to their questions about people and organizations. Your knowledge of people data and business context will enable you to provide action-oriented analyses to ensure our HR organization, and their clients, are well-informed and able to make thoughtful, data-driven decisions.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Build strong relationships and collaborate with teammates, business leaders, HR clients, and HR application engineers to solve organizational problems and empower organizations with high quality data.  Architect, develop and automate data and analytics solutions, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale.  Manipulate and analyze large data sets to distill insights from data and connect disparate ideas into cohesive, well-grounded recommendations using creative, structured and analytical thinking. Create effective, scalable, and easy to understand reporting solutions (e.g. dashboards).  Use analytical reasoning to identify problems and develop hypotheses, often recommending a data product that addresses client’s/stakeholder’s needs.  Prioritize work to manage multiple workstreams, high pressure situations, and new information.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Economics, Statistics, Finance, Social Science, Psychology, or any related fields (i.e. Mathematics, Engineering), or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience working with senior executives in client-facing, consulting role  Experience using SQL, Python or other data or scripting language. Experience building and maintaining a solution to collect, store, and organize data to address client needs.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience collaborating on projects involving multiple teams, managing an ongoing relationship with client, and presenting to audiences.  Experience using quantitative and qualitative analytical strategies and working with multiple data sources to generate insights from analyses, answering questions or creating solutions, and manipulating data to measure the effectiveness of programs, interventions, and efforts for an organization.  Experience using data visualization (e.g., tables, charts, graphs); Experience with conducting research using basic statistics (e.g., correlations, t-tests, regressions).  Experience forming testable statements generated from inductive reasoning that can be verified via statistical and analytical means.  Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured environment, and comfortable dealing with ambiguity.  Excellent communications skills and solutions, and client service-oriented with an emphasis on creativity and diligence.  You can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of stakeholders, creating visual displays of quantitative information.  Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Help Google to focus on key decisions to improve products and services.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature(e.g Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering , Mathematics, Data Sciences)  Experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.) or experience in scripting with SQL.  Experience pulling data from datasets and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and good business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  You can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique hybrid role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of stakeholders, creating visual displays of quantitative information.  Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Help Google to focus on key decisions to improve products and services.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.)  Experience with articulating product questions, pulling data from datasets (SQL) and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS or Master's degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences)  Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and design of ETL flows  Work experience in an inter-disciplinary/cross-functional field.  Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and impeccable business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations. Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  Google Express aims to revolutionize shopping by offering fast and cheap delivery of merchant products to your door. Google Express is our company's vehicle to revolutionize this space and be a principal driver of commerce. We bring home-delivery nationwide shipping from stores from various merchants across the country. The Growth team is an integral part of Google Express, responsible for driving GMV growth on the platform.  You will be part of the Growth analytics team that is responsible for identifying growth trends and assessing key growth drivers. In this role, you will deliver actionable insights to key stakeholders in Growth and cross-functional teams including Product, Marketing and Engineering to help develop and prioritize projects that lead to growth through greater customer reach, engagement and retention.  Users come first at Google. Nowhere is this more important than on our Advertising &amp; Commerce team: we believe that ads and commercial information can be highly useful to our users if, and only if, that information is relevant to what our users wish to find or do. Advertisers worldwide use AdWords to promote their products; publishers use AdSense to serve relevant ads on their website; and business around the world use our products (like Google Shopping, and Google Wallet) to support their online businesses and bring users into their offline stores. We build and maintain the platforms that have made Google what it is today, and are constantly innovating to deliver the most effective advertising and commerce opportunities of tomorrow.  Responsibilities  Identify and define the right metrics that quantify the success of product initiatives, consumer engagement and business health.  Lead analytically-driven problem-solving to develop actionable business insights and recommendations.  Drive product analytics (e.g., business cases, analytics to support Product Management/Engineering projects).  Optimize the platform (e.g., identifying opportunities based on data insights, running experiments, working with Product Management/Engineering/User Experience to define and implement optimizations).  Communicate findings and recommendations to leadership and other stakeholders.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree with an emphasis on work of a quantitative nature (Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of work experience as a Growth Analyst or in an analytical role in Growth, Marketing, Product teams.  Experience with SQL, analytical tools (Tableau, Google Analytics). Experience building quantitative and statistical models in R, Python working with databases.  Experience with statistical concepts to support A/B experimentation, analysis of results and deriving statistical learnings.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's/PhD degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics).  Similar work experience at an online consumer business (e.g., e-commerce, payments).  Experience in identifying business opportunities and defining and measuring success of proposed initiatives.  Consulting or project/program management experience. Ability to handle multiple projects and assignments under time pressure.  Excellent communication skills along with the ability to manage multiple and diverse stakeholders across businesses and leadership levels.  Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end.  As a Quantitative Marketing Analyst, you'll evaluate and help to measure impact of marketing initiatives across integrated campaigns, global partnerships and growth marketing. You will collaborate with a multidisciplinary team of global marketing, product management, analytics and engineering teams to tap into the underlying data, align on key metrics/methodologies and generate insights to drive user growth.  Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.  Responsibilities  Work with large, complex data sets across multiple products. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables and presentations.  Build and prototype analysis pipelines to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and business strategy.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with global marketing, product management, analytics, and engineers to identify opportunities for improvements to Google products.  Produce presentations and business recommendations (senior executives, global marketers, product) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders.  Execute with limited guidance and proactively take initiative to kick off work streams and projects.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline (Data Science, Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering) or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of work experience in data analysis and business application.  Experience with Python, R, SQL, Hadoop, and other relevant tools to manipulate and analyze big data.  Experience presenting data analysis and insights to key stakeholders.     Preferred qualifications:   4 years of relevant work experience in data analysis and business application.  Ability to understand the details of a problem while at the same time understanding the strategic view.  Ability to influence at all levels and work effectively across functions and geographies.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that, in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C++, C#, Objective C, Python, or JavaScript.  Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript or Go.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Our computational challenges are so big, complex and unique we can't just purchase off-the-shelf hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Your team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As a Hardware Engineer, you design and build the systems that are the heart of the world's largest and most powerful computing infrastructure. You develop from the lowest levels of circuit design to large system design and see those systems all the way through to high volume manufacturing. Your work has the potential to shape the machinery that goes into our cutting-edge data centers affecting millions of Google users.  The Google Quantum Hardware team in Santa Barbara is building a quantum computer using superconducting integrated circuits. We are part of the Google Quantum-AI research team, are building a machine that can leverage quantum mechanics to outperform the world's largest computers at certain classes of problems. Here, you have the opportunity to work hands-on with an entirely new paradigm of computing as it advances from fundamental physics to industrial applications. These devices are extremely sensitive to materials properties, and so improving device performance requires creative fabrication techniques.  Working in our diverse team of programmers, engineers, physicists, and fabrication experts means you get to conceive innovative systems engineering solutions to this complex objective which encompasses a wide spectrum of technologies (e.g. cryogenics, vacuum systems, microfabricated RF circuits, digital and analog control electronics with embedded digital control, lots of software to control the whole apparatus). Team members are encouraged to contribute in multiple areas similar to a start-up.  You will have significant cleanroom experience and have developed numerous successful processes. You will also be comfortable with developing prototype fabrication techniques as well as running, maintaining and stabilizing existing process modules and equipment. You should be comfortable working independently and are expected to collaborate with fellow teammates and manage outside vendors. This role is crucial to our success as we continue to improve the performance and reliability of our devices.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Work with team members to identify opportunities to improve device performance, by developing fabrication processes and successfully integrating into workflow.  Manage fabrication of superconducting integrated circuits and required equipment using a wide array of microfabrication techniques including deposition, photolithography, etch, thermal, wet chemistries, metrology, packaging.  Provide on demand fabrication troubleshooting and process stability by utilizing failure analysis and reliability data as a feedback stream.  Create clear documentation for new processes to facilitate interfacing with, training, overseeing contractors as new processes are outsourced.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS/BA degree in Materials Science, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Physics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience fabricating microscale devices and developing new processes in cleanroom.  Experience in conventional microfabrication techniques, including lithography, deposition of thin films, wet and dry etching, and related inspection techniques to characterize.   Experience with one or more of:  materials characterization, SPC and/or process monitoring/specifications, multilayer mask design/CAD tools, wafer level probing, failure analysis, wafer level or flip-chip packaging.     Preferred qualifications:   MS/MA in Materials Science, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Physics or related technical field working in semiconductor device R&amp;D.  Experience developing fabrication processes in multiuser cleanroom environment.  Expertise in performing inspection and characterization techniques including scanning electron microscopy, atomic force microscopy, film stress, confocal microscopy, profilometry, ellipsometry, interferometry, etc to support SPC, FA, and REL activities.  Excellent verbal, written, and listening skills including meticulous documentation and organization with the ability to present facts clearly and concisely to staff members at all levels and backgrounds.  As a Software Engineer, you'll work collaboratively with a small team that combines research and engineering expertise focused on mobile computing solutions, seeking solutions to some of the most long-standing recognition challenges in machine vision.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Research and develop machine learning models for image and video training resources.  Develop data collections, labeling pipelines and evaluation pipelines.  Optimize models for on-device and multi-modal intelligence.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience working in software development.  3 years of experience working in machine learning.     Preferred qualifications:   3 years of research experience, focused on publishing or open-sourcing.  1 year of experience with TensorFlow.  1 year of experience in learning for computer vision, audio/speech processing, and/or natural language processing.  Excellent C++ and/or Python programming skills.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services — from inception and design, through to deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning, and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field involving coding (e.g. physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl or Ruby.     Preferred qualifications:   Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with effective communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Ability to debug and optimize code and to automate routine tasks.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, executive speaker series, and community-building. This program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal - which requires research, awareness, interactivity, and asking questions.  From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. We focus on being a collaborative, global organization consisting of engineers who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on our core products and services as well as those who support critical functions of our engineering operations. Depending on your background and experience, you will be working in one of the following areas:  Product and Systems Development  Whether it's finding new and innovative ways to advance search quality, building computing platform and networking technologies, automating the indexing of videos, or continuing to refine and scale complex auction systems (just to name a few), you will be developing solutions to some of the most challenging technical problems out there. You will research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offerings and collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Examples of specialist domains: UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, security, embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers).  Engineering Productivity  As a Software Engineer in the Engineering Productivity organization, you'll use your software design, analysis and programming skills to create innovative automated test systems. The test team undertakes a broad range of challenges on a daily basis, designing and building intelligent systems that can explore various use cases and scenarios for distributed computing infrastructure. Just imagine trying to design and build an automated testing system for something that's never been done before.  Site Reliability  Software Engineers working in Site Reliability are involved in every facet of Google's production and work on the cutting edge of cloud-based computing. As a member of this team you are in the thick of everything involved with keeping Google running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. Software engineers on this team love to create robust and scalable software that scale to tens of millions of users. You will handle challenging, novel situations every day, and work with just about every other engineering and operations team to provide services and applications that are quintessentially Google - fast, reliable and accessible to all.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world problems.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.  Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor's or Master’s degree program in Computer Science or related technical field and returning to a full-time degree program after completion of the internship.  Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms; experience with algorithms, using data structures to solve problems, and interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Experience writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python (e.g., remove duplicate elements from a list).  Experience with linear coding and use language features when necessary (e.g., data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in 2019.  Previous tech internships or demonstrated work experience (i.e. research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.) programming in two or more of the following languages: C, C++ Java, JavaScript, or Python.  Ability to develop thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing).  Ability to manipulate code to improve system availability and latency and optimize code for stability, functionality and scalability for a segment of Google's infrastructure, service area, or within a technology domain (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Ability to isolate problems to a database subsystem.  Authorization to work in the United States.  The Google Cloud Healthcare and Life Sciences team helps healthcare and life sciences customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of research, clinical, pharmaceutical and other healthcare and life sciences related businesses and research organizations.  As a Go-To-Market Lead with healthcare domain expertise, you’ll work with strategic customers, partners, and internal teams. You’ll act as a subject matter expert regarding industry-specific needs, explaining how Google’s offerings address those needs while providing a platform for unprecedented innovation. You’ll build and maintain relationships with customer leadership and stakeholders, and represent Google at customer engagements, targeted meetings, events and conferences.  At the same time, you’ll collaborate with our Engineering, Product, and Marketing teams to define, launch and take to market solutions that accelerate our customer success in the cloud. You’ll develop white papers, case studies, and additional content to educate our Cloud Sales team, enabling them to effectively address the unique complexities of this industry. Your passion, depth of knowledge, and excellent organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills will inspire our teams and rapidly establish trust amongst a diverse set of stakeholders and customers.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Help shape and direct Google Cloud Health domain strategy; apply industry knowledge to create a solution-oriented strategy for taking products to market.  Establish and maintain a position as a strategic advisor to customer business and IT stakeholders.  Provide the required hands-on operational management, cross-functional coordination, and inter/intra team communications to deliver outstanding Cloud Health domain program outcomes.  Represent Google as an ambassador for community and industry engagement with keynotes, panel discussions and active roles in key associations.  Facilitate engagements with customers independently or in conjunction with the Sales team, providing thought leadership and ensuring their business priorities are met using Google Cloud solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.   10 years of experience in one of the following industries:  pharmaceutical, life sciences, payor, provider, or medical devices.  Ability to travel domestically and internationally up to 50% of the time.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or advanced degree, such as MD, PharmD, MS/PhD in healthcare or life sciences field.  Experience in the healthcare or life sciences technology market as a Program or Product Manager, working with SaaS, Cloud Computing and/or emerging technologies.  Cross-functional experience across Engineering, Sales and Marketing teams in cloud computing or related technical fields.  Strong business acumen with analytical and problem-solving skills.  Ability to create structure and drive progress in an ambiguous environment.  Superb communication skills; ability to comfortably interact with executive management; ability to craft and tailor a compelling message to a given audience and to communicate technical expertise in simple, everyday language to deliver a story that is memorable and useful.  As a Machine Learning Cloud Consultant, you will work directly with Google’s most strategic customers on critical projects to help them transform their businesses. You will help our customers understand how Google’s products can be used to support a wide range of data analytics and machine learning workloads. You will provide management, consulting and technical horsepower to customer engagements while working with client executives and key technical leaders to deploy solutions via Google’s Cloud Platform.  You'll also work closely with key Google partners currently servicing top accounts to manage programs, deliver consulting services, and provide technical guidance and best practice expertise.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Interact with sales/partner leads and technical stakeholders to translate complex customer requirements into recommendations for appropriate solution architectures and consulting services.  Participate in technical and design discussions with technical executives, acting to speed adoption and ensure best practices during implementation.  Provide a point of escalation for customer inquiries and serve as the first point of contact to Google for consulting services.  Work with customer technical leads, client executives, and partners to manage and deliver successful migrations to cloud solutions.  Work closely with practice areas, product and engineering to package best practices and lessons learned into thought leadership, methodologies and product strategy.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a technical or engineering field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.   Experience with one or more of the following:  machine learning, recommendation systems, natural language processing, computer vision, pattern recognition, or artificial intelligence.  Experience with one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Java, or C/C++, R.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience  Experience in a statistical programming language like R or Python and applied machine learning techniques (i.e. dimensionality reduction strategies, classification, and natural language processing frameworks).  Experience designing and deploying with one or more the following technologies: Tensor Flow, Spark ML, CNTK, Torch, Caffe  Systems design experience with ability to architect and explain data analytics pipelines and data flows.  Strong cross-functional project management, communication, and stakeholder management skills. Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills, with a focus on translating business requirements into technology solutions.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Software Engineers have a penchant for solving complex and interesting problems. Pushing the boundaries of current mobile platforms, you will perform technological feats under constrained environments and will be presented with exciting challenges in native or mobile application development.  Our Software Engineers in Mobile Applications work on many projects that carry varying responsibilities. You will build Google products for either Android or iOS.  If you are an Android Developer, you will develop applications primarily in Java and using the Android SDK. You might design and develop open-source Android applications that are part of the Android Open Source Project or closed-source Google applications that are the interface to Google services on Android.  If you are an iOS Developer, you will develop applications and SDKs primarily in Objective-C and using the iOS SDK.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design and implement new user-facing features in Google’s products.  Build libraries and frameworks to support large, complex web applications such as Gmail, Google Search and Google Maps.  Write scalable, performant server-side code.  Build on top of our infrastructure to create the services that support an excellent mobile experience.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of relevant work experience.  Experience in mobile application development  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, C#, Python, JavaScript, Go, Objective-C and/or Swift.     Preferred qualifications:   Knowledge of UI frameworks (either Android, iOS, XML), MVP application design and complex, reactive touch based UI.  Ability to learn and develop skills in other programming languages.  Deep technical knowledge of mobile application development (either Android or iOS).   Remote locations may be available in the following states:  Alaska, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio or Wisconsin  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You're a Sales Engineer with excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, search products, content/document management repository systems, and SQL-based relational databases.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Own the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources.  Work hands-on with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - especially as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  As a Google Cloud Consultant, you will work directly with Google’s most strategic customers on critical projects to provide management, consulting and technical advisory to customer engagements while working with client executives and key technical leaders to deploy solutions on Google Cloud Platform.  You will team with Google engineers to provide application design guidance, propose and test cloud native APIs, migrate existing applications, and write new applications in platform as a service products. You will collaborate with external customers on new application design and implementation including application scaling, reliability, and ongoing operations such as application and feature rollouts monitoring and more. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  You will work closely with Google's partners servicing customer accounts to manage projects, deliver consulting services, and provide technical guidance and best practice expertise. You are naturally curious, love to gain deep technical understanding of cloud technologies and enjoy liaising with client executives and technical architects alike.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Design solutions to develop the customer’s new environment and guide solutions through launch as the lead solutions architect.  Demonstrate thought leadership in cloud computing and become a trusted advisor to decision makers throughout an engagement. Provide customer and market feedback to the Product and Engineering teams and help shape product direction.  Execute on project management responsibilities inclusive of scoping activities, structuring a team, and delivering in a timeline during consulting engagement. Work with external client technical leads, client executives, and partners to manage and deliver successful migrations to cloud solutions.  Package best practices and lessons learned into thought leadership, methodologies and published assets.  Engage with customers for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities (travel expectations up to 30%).  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in a technical or engineering field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant experience.  Project management experience interfacing with multiple cross-functional and/or geographically dispersed teams.  Experience with networking and compute infrastructure (servers, databases, firewalls, load balancers). Experience reading and writing code in one or more general purpose programming languages such as Java, C++, JavaScript, Python.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science, related Engineering field, or equivalent work experience showing client service and/or management consulting.  Demonstrated experience architecting, developing, or maintaining production-grade cloud solutions in public clouds such as Google Cloud Platform.  Working knowledge of common open source server side infrastructure such as Docker, Kubernetes, Mesos, MySQL, Cassandra, Hadoop/Spark, NGINX, RabbitMQ, Jenkins, TeamCity, OpenAPI/Swagger etc.  Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills, with a focus on translating business requirements into technology solutions and vice versa.  In little more than a decade, Google has created one of the world's largest global computing infrastructures for both internal and external use. Using our unique technologies, along with open source tools, we keep Google's products and services running, robust and secure. Our objective is to create solutions that allow people to work and communicate in new and innovative ways – giving back to the world's technical community whenever we can.  As a Technical Solutions Consultant intern, you will be part of teams that provide technical support to Google's external partners and clients. As such, you will play a role in supporting external partners and clients, and develop tools to make our operations smarter and scalable. Your projects could range from driving analysis to determine root causes of customer dissatisfaction, building tools to automate and scale operations or developing custom solutions for some of Google's top partners.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and backend services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions, and troubleshooting their problems. Understand operational workflows, identify and define tool needs to enable operational scaling, and drive the development (initial and ongoing) and deployment of these tools with Engineering.  Create and update documentation as integration methods are applied (e.g., requirements document, technical design document, project plan, etc).  Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems. Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Solve problems that may involve access and analysis of massive amounts of data and information. Help to develop massively scalable, distributed software systems and collaborate on different smaller projects.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience with web technologies and experience with HTTP, HTMP, XML.  Database design and SQL Query construction experience.   Experience in one or more programming languages:  C++, Python or Java; experience with SQL and data modeling.     Preferred qualifications:   Enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Master's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience in systems software or algorithms.  Some client facing experience (gained through university, part time work, etc), or proxy skills (university society membership, organizing/leading voluntary activities).  Demonstrated business savvy and effective communication skills (relevant for a technical audience).  Authorization to work in the United States.  Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  You have the opportunity to work on everything from the core platform that runs the world's largest distributed network to redefining the systems that allow applications and services to provide useful information to billions of users around the globe. From our Data Center software groups to Google's Cloud Platform, Gmail to YouTube, our infrastructure engineers across departments wrestle with the vast scale of a ubiquitous system, its products, and services and revolutionize industry leading technologies to handle the sheer magnitude at which Google operates.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your strong background in distributed systems and large scale storage systems.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of relevant work experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with large scale distributed systems, concurrency, multithreading and synchronization. Experience with large systems software and UNIX/Linux environments.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with TCP/IP and network programming.  Experience with database internals, database language theories, database design, SQL and database programming.  Understanding of technologies such as virtualization and global infrastructure, load balancing, networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce and security.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant work experience in software development.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field.   Experience with one or more of the following:  Natural Language Processing, text understanding, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, executive speaker series, and community-building. This program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal - which requires research, awareness, interactivity, and asking questions.  From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. We focus on being a collaborative, global organization consisting of engineers who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on our core products and services as well as those who support critical functions of our engineering operations. Depending on your background and experience, you will be working in one of the following areas:  Product and Systems Development  Whether it's finding new and innovative ways to advance search quality, building computing platform and networking technologies, automating the indexing of videos, or continuing to refine and scale complex auction systems (just to name a few), you will be developing solutions to some of the most challenging technical problems out there. You will research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offerings and collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Examples of specialist domains: UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, security, embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers).  Engineering Productivity  As a Software Engineer in the Engineering Productivity organization, you'll use your software design, analysis and programming skills to create innovative automated test systems. The test team undertakes a broad range of challenges on a daily basis, designing and building intelligent systems that can explore various use cases and scenarios for distributed computing infrastructure. Just imagine trying to design and build an automated testing system for something that's never been done before.  Site Reliability  Software Engineers working in Site Reliability are involved in every facet of Google's production and work on the cutting edge of cloud-based computing. As a member of this team you are in the thick of everything involved with keeping Google running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. Software engineers on this team love to create robust and scalable software that scale to tens of millions of users. You will handle challenging, novel situations every day, and work with just about every other engineering and operations team to provide services and applications that are quintessentially Google - fast, reliable and accessible to all.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world problems.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.  Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor's or Master’s degree program in Computer Science or related technical field and returning to a full-time degree program after completion of the internship.  Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms; experience with algorithms, using data structures to solve problems, and interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Experience writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python (e.g., remove duplicate elements from a list).  Experience with linear coding and use language features when necessary (e.g., data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in 2019.  Previous tech internships or demonstrated work experience (i.e. research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.) programming in two or more of the following languages: C, C++ Java, JavaScript, or Python.  Ability to develop thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing).  Ability to manipulate code to improve system availability and latency and optimize code for stability, functionality and scalability for a segment of Google's infrastructure, service area, or within a technology domain (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Ability to isolate problems to a database subsystem.  Authorization to work in the United States.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Research Scientists at Google work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with researchers at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new learning algorithms, Research Scientists work on challenges in machine perception, data mining, machine learning, and natural language understanding. As a Google Research Scientist, you will continue to be an active contributor to the wider research community by collaborating with academic researchers and by publishing papers.  Researchers on the Google Brain team have the freedom to set their research agenda and to engage as much or as little as they wish with existing products, choosing between doing more basic, methodological research or more applied research as necessary to produce the most compelling results. Because many of the advances we develop today may take years to become useful, the team as a whole maintains a portfolio of projects across this spectrum. It is our philosophy that making substantive progress on hard applications can help drive and sharpen the research questions we study, and in turn scientific breakthroughs can spawn entirely new applications.  The Google Brain team’s research focuses on methods that can learn multiple layers of rich, non-linear feature extractors and can scale to large amounts of data. Much of our work is best understood as part of the deep learning subfield of machine learning, but we are interested in any methods capable of efficient and effective feature learning that get good results on challenging problems. We have resources and access to projects impossible to find elsewhere. Our broad and fundamental research goals allow us to collaborate closely with and–contribute uniquely to–many different product teams across the company.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence)   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Python  Contributions to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers in machine learning venues (e.g: JMLR, ICLR, NIPS, ICML, ACL and CVPR)     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab  Strong publication record  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of relevant work experience in software development.   Experience working with two or more from the following:  web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in engineering, computer science, or other technical related field; or equivalent practical experience  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  We are building the next generation Nest services to support the smart home with tighter integration of Google Home and Assistant. You'll be responsible for building the infrastructure backbone of the conscious home, along with product-specific services that enable end-user features, and design highly reliable systems within the Nest and Google distributed environment.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Tame the inherent complexity of distributed systems by keeping designs simple, measuring runtime behavior, and making continuous improvements based on operational experience.  Develop high-quality, highly available systems within Nest’s service oriented architecture.  Write clear, maintainable, and performant code. Partake in projects to impact real time data synchronization, identity management, large-scale data processing frameworks, and service endpoints for web, embedded, and mobile clients.  Work cross-functionally with Product Marketing, TechOps, and Integration Engineering.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in software development with two or more of the following languages: Java, Python, C++, and/or Scala.     Preferred qualifications:    Experience with one or more of the following:  JVM, Common web frameworks such as Play and/or Linux-based systems.  Experience building out backend services in the Internet of Things (IoT) space.  Proficiency designing, building, and debugging distributed systems.  Demonstrated ability to perform well in a startup environment, v1 project, and/or small team.  We do research differently here at Google. Our team of Research Scientists aren't cloistered in a secret lab but are embedded throughout the engineering organization, allowing them to setup large-scale tests and deploy promising ideas quickly and broadly. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists work on real-world problems including artificial intelligence, data mining, natural language processing, hardware and software performance analysis, improving compilers for mobile platforms, as well as core search and much more. But you stay connected to your research roots as an active contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.    You manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables, adapting to changes and setbacks in order to manage pressures, demonstrating and applying theories through research efforts to develop new and improved products, processes, or technologies.  Research and Machine Intelligence is a high impact team that’s building the next generation of intelligence and language understanding for all Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning (including Deep Learning approaches like Google Brain) and Natural Language Understanding. Our work gets used by product teams across Google, including Search, Maps and Google Now.  As a Research Software Engineer in the Google Brain team, you work and collaborate closely with Research Scientists on the team. You have the flexibility to switch projects as our research focus shifts and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate about managing new problems.  This role bridges the gap between Software Engineer and Research Scientist. We are looking for great software engineers who also have experience with language understanding and perception (speech, images, video) - as well as improving algorithms. We work with teams across Google to make their products better and make Moonshots possible. In this role, you'll work alongside world-class Research Scientists in the Google Brain team to bring their ideas to life by implementing algorithms, running experiments and building prototypes.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting-edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++ or Python  Experience with linear algebra, calculus and statistics  Machine learning experience     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field.  Strong computer systems experience.  GPU programming experience.  Large data analysis and visualization experience.  Exposure to industry or academic research.  Exposure to Deep Learning, Neural Networks, or related fields and a strong interest and desire to learn about them.  Primary responsibilities for this role will be squarely focused on backend design and implementation, but some interest or experience with full-stack work and/or with user-facing product work is a plus. Most backend development will be in Go, Java and C++.  Born from X, the moonshot factory, Chronicle is the newest independent company within Alphabet. We are dedicated to helping companies find and stop cyber attacks before they cause harm. We work with the entire security industry to give good the advantage in the fight against cybercrime. Joining experts in large-scale cloud computing, big data, machine learning, and cybersecurity, you'll help build out the next generation of security intelligence solutions.  Responsibilities  Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.  Experience in software development in one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, Java, Python, or Go.  Experience architecting and developing large scale systems processing data.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field.   Experience working with one or more from the following:  Indexing and searching huge amounts of data, Infrastructure, Machine Learning, Front End Development, Security and Privacy.  Strong familiarity with cyber-security (attacks, defenses), and experience analyzing/processing cyber-security-related big-data to derive useful insights  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.    Through your leadership, you use your technical expertise and manage a team of engineers to build key business applications. You gather requirements, lead technical projects, define the scope of those projects and partner across teams to address technical problems and ensure smooth solution implementation.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Work with senior stakeholders to solve complex problems.  Focus on full stack Business Intelligence Engineering (BI), delivering Statutory Profit and Loss (P&amp;L) Reporting (for local entity and US GAAP).  Reboot Hardware Planning and P&amp;L Reporting.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent practical experience.  10 years of experience in designing and data integration/data warehousing/business intelligence solutions.  10 years of experience with ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) tools (e.g., Pentaho Kettle, Informatica and/or DataStage).   Experience programming in PL/SQL and one of the following:  Java, Python, Perl.     Preferred qualifications:   MS in Computer Science or related technical field.  10 years of experience implementing, customizing and integrating third-party applications within Finance, Supply Chain, HR, Marketing, Sales and Support, etc.  Experience working with BI tools like Tableau.  Experience working with web-scale databases and building scalable data pipelines capable of aggregating and processing millions of events per day on Google Cloud Platform.  As a Software Engineer for Data Collection, you will be focused on design and implementation of components and systems that collect, transform, and enrich data from customer devices and networks.  Born from X, the moonshot factory, Chronicle is the newest independent company within Alphabet. We are dedicated to helping companies find and stop cyber attacks before they cause harm. We work with the entire security industry to give good the advantage in the fight against cybercrime. Joining experts in large-scale cloud computing, big data, machine learning, and cybersecurity, you'll help build out the next generation of security intelligence solutions.  Responsibilities  Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience.  Experience in Software Development in Go, C/C++ and/or Java.  Experience architecting and developing large scale systems capable of collecting and processing data.     Preferred qualifications:   Background in cyber-security.  Understanding of network architecture, protocols and standards  Knowledge in Linux, Windows, and/or MacOS.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to handle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Research bitrate adaptation algorithms.  Influence next generation codecs and hardware.  Research Machine Learning based encoders.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in working with web technologies and/or distributed system development.  Development experience in C or C++ with OO and algorithmic experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Video encoder development/tuning experience.  Experience with Consumer Electronics or Software Development related to Consumer Hardware.  Exposure to video bitrate adaptation algorithms.  Familiarity with HDR10, Dolby Vision.  As a Strategic Cloud Engineer, you will be the named Google engineer working with the most strategic cloud customers. You will ensure that the experience building and maintaining applications in Google Cloud Platform is amazing. You are responsible for rapid and accurate resolution of technical challenges, lead implementations and integration of custom features. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, and much more.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Cloud technical challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel regularly (up to 30%, although we also frequently use video conferencing) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.   Experience with any of the following:  distributed compute environments, application development, mobile development, big data analytics, cloud computing including virtualization, hosted services, multi tenant cloud infrastructures, storage systems and content delivery networks.  Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++, or similar.  Experience working in customer-facing technical roles.     Preferred qualifications:   Working knowledge of container technologies (such as Kubernetes, Docker), services, and API models (like Swagger, OpenAPI)  Hands-on experience with cloud storage solutions, SQL/NoSQL datastores, and/or distributed computing technology (like MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, Hadoop, Redis, Elasticsearch/Solr)  Experience with scalable networking technologies (such as Load Balancers, Firewalls) and web standards (like as REST APIs, web security mechanisms).  Hands-on experience in big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experiences in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as Hadoop, NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Tensorflow).  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Google Maps Platform Customer Engineer, you'll assist fellow Sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You will liaise with the Product Marketing Management and Engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Maps Platform products. You'll swiftly problem-solve technical issues for customers to show how our products can make businesses more productive, collaborative and innovative.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with Sales teams to introduce Google’s cloud and location platforms to our customers. You will help prospective customers in areas such as smart cities, AR/AR gaming and ridesharing to understand the power of the Google Maps APIs and related offerings, explaining technical features, and problem-solving key technical issues.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities and identify key customer technical objections. Develop the strategy to resolve technical impediments.  Take responsibility for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as supporting bid responses, product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources.  Work hands-on with Google's Maps Platform products to demonstrate and prototype integrations in customer/partner environments.  Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Maps Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management and RFI response documents.  Design and implement solutions using products such as the Google Maps Platform, Google Maps Mobile and Unity SDKs, and Google’s other mapping solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related engineering degree, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience as a Technical Sales Engineer or equivalent experience in a customer facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience in cloud technology, web or mobile development, AR/VR gaming, mapping or related field.  Experience prototyping proofs-of-concept and technical demonstrations.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in web/mobile application or gaming development.  Experience with cloud technologies.  Experience in a program/project management role in consulting, software development, systems integration or systems engineering.  Industry expertise in an area such as Internet of Things (IoT), smart cities, AR/VR, gaming (i.e. Unity), or machine learning.  Confident presenter and writer with excellent presentation skills and the ability to persuasively present a product offering.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  As a Program Manager, Analytics, Data Center Business Operations, you'll engage with leaders to design well-constructed analyses and work cross-functionally with Construction, Engineers and Facility Managers to effectively deliver innovative and actionable recommendations. You will develop relevant metrics that unlock strategic and tactical insights through establishment of the appropriate key performance indicators and respective targets. You are also comfortable with operating in a high-paced, changing work environment with the ability to prioritize multiple functions and tasks, manage time efficiently and navigate ambiguity.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Provide strategic, analytical support for all business intelligence activities for Google’s data centers/hosting business by developing work plans and robust recommendations.  Manage multiple initiatives and drive programs both regularly and on an ad hoc basis to maximize hosting operating efficiencies.  Perform business analytics and decision support models, such as resource and headcount modeling, supplier evaluation, and growth analysis.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Communicate highly technical results, methods, and findings. Influence leaders to take action on these findings.  Travel up to 30% of the time as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline (Finance, Economics, Statistics, Science, or Engineering) or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience and/or experience in a Management Consulting role.  Project Management experience.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA, Master's degree or PhD in a Management field with an emphasis on business operations and strategy.  Ability to create workable project plans with project scope and execute on such plans.  Knowledge in technical/industrial operations and in areas such as supplier and project management, global operations, and/or cost controls.  Ability to conduct business analysis with complex data to identify critical issues to the firm's strategic, organizational, and operational needs.  Data driven problem-solving skills, with the ability to identify key challenges, gather and analyze large complex data sets to support hypotheses and develop actionable recommendations.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Do you want to help Google build next-generation web applications like Inbox, Gmail, Google Search, Google Maps and more? As a Front End Software Engineer at Google, you will specialize in building responsive and elegant web applications that scale to millions of users in dozens of languages.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of work experience.  Experience in JavaScript, and one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python or Go.  Experience with front end technologies and/or front end frameworks.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience developing user-facing software.  Experience with the latest and greatest web standards, including HTML5 and CSS3.  Knowledge of web libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, Polymer, Closure or Backbone.  Strong sense of web design and attuned to the fundamentals of user experience.  Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.  An understanding of the principles of accessibility and can build products that are accessible to users with disabilities.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a Software Engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Specific responsibilities vary by project area.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python (e.g., removing duplicate elements from a list) and experience in optimizing code for stability, functionality and scalability (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Experience or previous project assignments with Data Structures and Algorithms (i.e. selecting and implementing an algorithm, using data structures to solve a problem.); experience with algorithms that improve a product’s capabilities, speed, efficiency, or reliability.  Experience with data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals as well as debugging code and submitting fixes.     Preferred qualifications:   Previous tech internships or relevant work experience programming in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python.  Experience developing thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing) for your code, using one or more of the following: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, or Python.  Demonstrated experience programming in 2 or more of the above languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python.  Experience manipulating code to improve system availability and latency; Experience with improving inventing or proving the value of new algorithms that improve a product's capabilities, speed, efficiency and reliability.  Skill in isolating problems to a database subsystem.  The Google Technical Services Product and Tools Operations team maintains the close relationships with the Engineering and Product partners necessary to develop and improve Google’s products and internal tools. We are champions of the customer experience, advocating for feature requests and offering product improvements backed by data-driven insights. Our work enables Google Technical Services teams to deliver delightful support to Google’s millions of customers.  The Customer Experience Lab conducts customer experience research on advertisers who are using Google’s Marketing Solutions. The team focuses on generating insights for Product and Engineering to improve the customer experience for advertisers. The Survey Research and Insights team within the CX Lab seeks a manager who is passionate about using survey research to enable the next generation of advertiser experiences.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Lead a team of survey researchers, and build and grow an exceptional research and insights team within the CX Lab.  Design, conduct, and analyze CSAT surveys to deepen understanding of the customer experiences of advertisers.  Provide best practices to ensure that the CX Lab’s qualitative research meets research standards.  Ensure automation of survey operation processes, data analysis and reporting; Drive the creation and maintenance of tools to drive efficiency and operational excellence.  Standardize processes across multiple research group; Distill actionable insights and develop compelling presentations; Collaborate with cross functional stakeholders during research design, development, and insights sharing phases.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree with emphasis on quantitative research methods (i.e. Statistics, Social Sciences, Human-Computer Interaction, Behavioral Research or a related field).  8 years of experience with global B2B surveys and marketing research in a research capability within industry, marketing research firm, consulting, and/or advertising agencies.  2 years of experience in people management.  Experience with statistics in one statistical software package (e.g., R, STATA, SAS); experience with different research methods, as well as with principles of experimental design.     Preferred qualifications:   Masters or PhD in a discipline emphasizing quantitative research methods (e.g., Social Psychology, Quantitative Sociology, Behavioral Economics).  3 years of people management experience with a track record of recruiting and developing research talent.  Experience scaling survey database operations (SQL, future-proofing data pipelines).  Ability to work effectively cross-functionally with a proven track record of driving results  Domain knowledge of the advertising market and domain; passion for helping businesses grow with digital marketing.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  In little more than a decade, Google has created one of the world's largest global computing infrastructures for both internal and external use. Using our unique technologies, along with open source tools, we keep Google's products and services running, robust and secure. Our objective is to create solutions that allow people to work and communicate in new and innovative ways – giving back to the world's technical community whenever we can.  As a Technical Solutions Consultant intern, you will be part of teams that provide technical support to Google's external partners and clients. As such, you will play a role in supporting external partners and clients, and develop tools to make our operations smarter and scalable. Your projects could range from driving analysis to determine root causes of customer dissatisfaction, building tools to automate and scale operations or developing custom solutions for some of Google's top partners.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and backend services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions, and troubleshooting their problems. Understand operational workflows, identify and define tool needs to enable operational scaling, and drive the development (initial and ongoing) and deployment of these tools with Engineering.  Create and update documentation as integration methods are applied (e.g., requirements document, technical design document, project plan, etc).  Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems. Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Solve problems that may involve access and analysis of massive amounts of data and information. Help to develop massively scalable, distributed software systems and collaborate on different smaller projects.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience with web technologies and experience with HTTP, HTMP, XML.  Database design and SQL Query construction experience.   Experience in one or more programming languages:  C++, Python or Java; experience with SQL and data modeling.     Preferred qualifications:   Enrolled in a full- time degree program pursuing a Master's in Computer Science or a related technical field and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience in systems software or algorithms.  Some client facing experience (gained through university, part time work, etc), or proxy skills (university society membership, organizing/leading voluntary activities).  Demonstrated business savvy and effective communication skills (relevant for a technical audience).  Authorization to work in the United States.  Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Nest Software Engineer, you'll focus on state of the art machine learning systems. At Nest, you’ll be part of an engineering team focused on defining the smart home of the future. You'll be responsible to architect, design and implement the intelligence services which solve real world problems in everyday users’ lives.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Develop and test systems to analyze, train, deploy, and monitor new algorithms across a diverse set of input domains.  Collaborate within Google and 3rd party organizations on developing a smart home ecosystem.  Projects include large-scale data processing frameworks, real time data synchronization, integrating inputs from a wide variety of platforms, and the training and implementation of machine learning models.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience programming in C++ or Java.  3 years of experience with backend software development.     Preferred qualifications:   Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience designing, building, and debugging high quality distributed systems or backend services.  Experience with machine learning and data processing frameworks (e.g. Tensorflow, Apache Beam, Apache Storm, Apache Kafka).  Fluency in multiple programming languages.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  At Google, you will have the opportunity to find the perfect blend of software design practices and hardware development complexity. In this role, you will use your software engineering expertise to help solve complex problems including but not limited to hardware acceleration, performance bottlenecks, computer architecture, verifying digital design chips, automation, and machine learning. Whether your strength is in software coding, with a good understanding of hardware, or you are a hardware engineer with software proficiency, this balanced role will let you shine in both disciplines at the same time.  Platforms Engineering performs research, design and development for the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's products and services (including Google Cloud Platform, Tensor Processing Units, Android, Chrome, VR, Gmail, Maps and more). We constantly work on solutions to counter the slowing of Moore’s Law. Platforms offers impactful projects at every level of the technology stack, from the chip level to massive distributed systems design and software development.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in C/C++, Scripting. Experience with computer architecture and new hardware design, including memory/storage systems.  Experience with system and/or low level software.     Preferred qualifications:   MS/PhD in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science.  Experience with computer architecture, non-x86 microarchitectures including low level performance analysis and memory/storage systems. Experience with large-scale distributed systems, networking, and related software infrastructure. Experience with silicon architecture and design with the ability to root cause performance bottlenecks.  Experience in hardware design. Experience with hardware structures and how they are composed to create chips. Experience in hardware bring up, Linux kernels, application software, and RTL design.  Good exposure and familiarity to hardware design, with ability to write and understand Verilog Register Transfer Level code. Knowledge of and experience with interfacing to industry-standard HDL simulators.  Familiarity with Verilog and hardware EDA tools and knowledge of language compilers.  Proficiency in Python, with good understanding of Object Oriented Programming and Functional Programming.   Note:  By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA  Responsibilities  Become a trusted technical advisor to customers and overcome complex implementation challenges.  Create and deliver best practice recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Travel up to 30% of the time in-region for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience writing scripts in one or more languages such as Python, Go and/or similar.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical consultant or advisor, or equivalent client-facing engineering or technical consulting experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with hosted services and/or multi-tenant cloud infrastructures.  Experience with email administration, routing and hygiene with industry standard products.  Understanding of common enterprise directory administration systems such as Active Directory, OpenLDAP, and/or Domino Directory.  Understanding networking fundamentals and common enterprise networking architectures.  Familiarity with IT security practices such as identity and access management, device management and data protection.  Effective customer-facing communication and presentation skills.  Our computational challenges are so big, complex and unique we can't just purchase off-the-shelf hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Your team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As a Hardware Engineer, you design and build the systems that are the heart of the world's largest and most powerful computing infrastructure. You develop from the lowest levels of circuit design to large system design and see those systems all the way through to high volume manufacturing. Your work has the potential to shape the machinery that goes into our cutting-edge data centers affecting millions of Google users.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Develop high performance and low power flows to enable Google’s continuous innovations in mobile hardware.  Manage the cloud-based infrastructure for the performance team.  Develop cloud infrastructure methodologies, automation scripts and write documentation.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical, Computer Engineering, related degree or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in a scripting language like Perl or Python.  Experience with version-control tool such as Git, Perforce.  Experience with Make, Jenkins, Regressions.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical or Computer Engineering or equivalent field.  Experience with cloud infrastructure and configuration sweeps.  Experience with creating reporting tools or dashboards on the infrastructure.  Experience with creating reporting tools or dashboards on Performance metrics.  Familiarity with emulators like Mentor Veloce or Cadence Palladium or Synopsys Zebu.  As a Lead Analyst, you’ll use analytics and strategy to ensure that Google finds, attracts and hires the world’s best talent. You will work in close partnership with the Staffing leadership team to provide strategic recommendations and lead action-oriented analyses. Projects might include developing optimal strategies for efficient and quality hiring, building scalable data solutions to help leaders make informed decisions, or helping to define Google’s location strategy. Above all else, you’ll focus on ensuring that our People Operations leaders are well-informed and able to make thoughtful, data-driven decisions.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Utilize data and insights to develop and support Google’s hiring strategy.  Influence executive leaders to make informed, data-driven decisions - with the goal of building a hiring organization that is efficient and that attracts and hires top-notch candidates.  Structure and perform analyses independently.  Exercise judgment to prioritize work effectively in a demanding environment where workstreams have a high level of ambiguity.  Identify opportunities to improve hiring processes.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Economics, Finance, Mathematics, Statistics, related quantitative field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant work experience.  Experience analyzing data to drive business strategies and decisions.  Experience in data analysis and problem solving.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA.  Experience with SQL, Python, R or similar database extraction language.  Experience in management consulting or business strategy.  Excellent ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured environment; comfort with ambiguity.  Excellent communication skills and an ability to influence senior clients effectively.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  You're a Sales Engineer with excellent technical, communication and organizational skills, previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, combined with experience and deep knowledge of SAP technologies. Your expertise and presentation skills will be on display as you engage with customers to understand their business and technical requirements, and persuasively present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explain technical features and problem-solve any potential roadblocks with a specific focus on SAP workloads running on Google Cloud Platform.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections, and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Own the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources.  Demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience in all aspects of cloud computing (infrastructure, storage, platforms and data), as well as cloud market, competitive dynamics and customer buying behavior.  Experience with SAP technologies (such as SAP HANA, SAP Business Suite and Business Warehouse, SAP Hybris, etc.) and their architecture and infrastructure needs.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field  Experience with hybrid cloud deployments, and on-premise to cloud migration deployments.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - especially as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses.  Understanding of SAP cloud offerings with special focus on HEC and SAP Cloud Platform.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the Cloud/IT technology space.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services—from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving systems engineering (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl, Ruby or shell scripting.  Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems internals and administration (e.g., filesystems, inodes, system calls) or networking (e.g., TCP/IP, routing, network topologies and hardware, SDN).     Preferred qualifications:   Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Consumer Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Consumer Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Manage database administration.  Support our Production Business Systems applications.  Participate in the evolution and continuous improvement of our existing infrastructure and processes.  Work with internal and external customers to curate the data coming from multiple sources.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working with various Web Service and API technologies and various file formats, including JSON, XML, CSV.  2 years of experience working with relational database management systems (e.g SQL servers or similar relational database management systems) performing database backups, restore and replication.  2 years of experience in writing scripts using Python, Java, C++ or similar. Experience implementing ETL packages with single point logging, alerting and reporting capabilities, Stored Procedures, creating SQL views and performance tuning of SQL code.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working with cloud platform technologies.  Experience with BigQuery.  Experience working in the manufacturing and supply chain data domain.  Experience working with support call center data.  Experience working with data from enterprise level systems, such as NetSuite ERP and Salesforce CRM.  Administration experience with Tableau (performing database backups, performance monitoring, HA/DR solution).  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Training Solutions Consultant, you'll partner with our field organizations, in particular Professional Services and Sales, to enable them to have conversations with their customers around training. You will also implement best practices and support self-service tools and assets to ensure our customers have full knowledge of our training offerings.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create and maintain resources and tools with up to date information on training offerings.  Support our Professional Services and Sales teams in conducting training needs analysis conversations with their customers and build out a tailored Learning Plan.  Work closely with the Curriculum Development team to ensure you have full visibility of the training roadmap and communicate this to our external authorized trainers and training partners.  Advise the Marketing, Sales Enablement, Partner teams and Training Business leads on specific trainings to support new initiatives.  Support external trainer evaluations and internal training presentations.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working in a customer-facing role focused on cloud based technical solutions.  Experience in supporting teams with their conversations with customers on training.  Ability to travel up to 25% of the time, as required.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working in a role that involved building out technical training or learning plans.  Ability to work cross-functionally in a fast-paced environment.  Excellent written or oral communication skills.  The Online Partnerships Group (OPG) uses our portfolio of product solutions, including AdSense and DoubleClick tools, to help online publishers grow their businesses. You'll provide innovative, industry-leading online advertising solutions for publishers and developers and proactively identify new opportunities. Some of the largest publishers on the web rely on our products and we're always trying to exceed their expectations and strengthen our long-term partner relationships. Our team helps grow Google's business with the largest online publishers and provides account management for users of AdSense, DoubleClick and more.  The Publisher Intelligence team is an Analytical Business team responsible for helping the Online Partnerships Group (OPG) make the best decisions possible using data.  As a Business Intelligence Data Architecture Analyst on the Publisher Intelligence team, you'll be responsible for acquiring, manipulating, and presenting data in multiple formats, including sophisticated dashboards and tables. You will build ETLs and data pipelines using your SQL skills that will take raw data from various data sources, and transform it into easy to use datasets for the Publisher Intelligence team and broader organization. You'll leverage this data, as well as fellow business analysts and business executives across our organization, allowing users to quickly see and accurately know how key business operations and processes are performing. You’ll also be involved from project inception to design through to delivery, ensuring solutions are delivering high-quality and relevant data so our business can grow intelligently.  Google was founded to organize the world’s information, and our Partnerships team was there from the start, connecting us with the world’s largest generators of online content. Google helps our partners find better ways to reach their audiences and manage their digital businesses. In return, our partners provide great content for our products, and they syndicate our Google products to enhance their sites. Our Partnerships team members expand and nurture these relationships by continually finding new opportunities and solving technical problems for our partners.  Responsibilities  Manage and develop the data infrastructure of the Online Partnerships Group.  Work closely with OPG management and their teams to understand their needs and develop Business Intelligence strategy to fulfill and scale.  Build ETLs and data pipelines from various data sources to transform it into easy to use datasets.  Identify and acquire new datasets for OPG that will provide new Business Insights.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree of a quantitative nature (Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, etc.) or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in an analytical or data engineering/infrastructure role.  Experience working with databases including in SQL, query optimization, and interaction with logs-level data.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience analyzing large data sets and distributed computing using SQL, R, and other quantitative and statistical modeling technologies and tools.  Experience working with large and multiple datasets/data warehouses, and the ability to gather from such data sets using relevant programs and coding.  Development experience in a scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc).  Ability to structure and organize data to make it easily accessible for the broader business.  Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with limited guidance. Passionate about organizing and streamlining data for broader use.  The Google Technical Services Product and Tools Operations team maintains the close relationships with the Engineering and Product partners necessary to develop and improve Google’s products and internal tools. We are champions of the customer experience, advocating for feature requests and offering product improvements backed by data-driven insights. Our work enables Google Technical Services teams to deliver delightful support to Google’s millions of customers.  The Customer Experience Lab conducts customer experience research on advertisers who are using Google’s Marketing Solutions. The team focuses on generating insights for Product and Engineering to improve the customer experience for advertisers. The Survey Research and Insights team within the CX Lab seeks a researcher who is passionate about using survey research to enable the next generation of advertiser experiences.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Design, conduct, and analyze CSAT surveys to deepen understanding of the customer experiences of advertisers.  Provide best practices to ensure that the CX Lab’s qualitative research meets research standards.  Distill actionable insights and develop compelling presentations.  Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders during research design, development, and insights sharing phases.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree with emphasis on quantitative research methods (i.e. Statistics, Social Sciences, Human-Computer Interaction, Behavioral Research or a related field) or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience in driving innovative and global B2B surveys and marketing research in a research capability within industry, marketing research firm, consulting, and/or advertising agencies.  Experience with statistics in one statistical software package (e.g., R, STATA, SAS); experience with different research methods, as well as with principles of experimental design.  Research design and analysis experience required. Experience in both quantitative and qualitative research.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's or PhD.  Domain knowledge of the advertising market and domain; passion for helping businesses grow with digital marketing.  Ability to work effectively cross-functionally with a proven track record of driving results  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how millions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our ambitions reach far beyond just Search. Our products need to handle information at the scale of the web. We're looking for ideas from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, and user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a Software Engineer, you work on a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fast-paced business grows and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to handle new problems as we continue to push technology forward.  Google Cloud Platform allows developers to build, host, store and deploy applications or websites on Google's highly-scalable and reliable infrastructure for web, mobile and backend solutions. We are looking for visionary Software Engineers who see the big picture of where cloud computing is headed and want to be at the forefront of a new era of computing. You will play a critical role in this endeavor. As a Software Engineer, you will have the opportunity to shape and deliver Google Cloud Platform products including: App Engine, Compute Engine, Cloud Storage, Big Data, Deployment Manager, Services and more. You will quickly ramp up as a subject matter expert for the Google Cloud Platform and become the go-to person for designing elegant cloud-based solutions. You will apply your expertise of cloud computing stack, broad software technologies, and open source tools to resolve what are often considered seemingly unsolvable cloud technology platform challenges for our customers.  If you are a software engineer interested in building front-end, back-end or full stack services for a new and innovative cloud product, then we are interested in talking to you. We're looking for ideas and skills from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, and user interface design. The list goes on and grows daily. You’ll work in small teams that use Agile methodology to keep up in a fast paced business environment. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to handle new problems as we continue to push technology forward.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Write server side code for Google Cloud Platform based applications, create robust high-volume production applications, and develop prototypes quickly.  Build, design and implement scalable cloud-based web applications for PaaS, IaaS or SaaS.  Provide thought leadership for cloud developer technology inside Google and collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to streamline or improve adoption of Google Cloud Platform.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Math, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of general software programming experience in Java, C/C++, Python, Go, database design and SQL, and/or knowledge of TCP/IP and network programming.  Large systems software design and development experience, with experience in Unix/Linux.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science.  Technical paper publications and conference engagements.  Experience developing applications for multiple mobile platforms (e.g. Android, iOS), internet-related cloud technologies, and gaming industries, etc.  Familiarity with open source cloud and application platforms, Google App Engine development experience.  Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills.  Good understanding of private and public cloud design considerations and limitations in the areas of virtualization and global infrastructure, distributed systems, load balancing and networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce, and security.  Analytical Linguists work across Google to drive improvements in quality, classification, information structure, and natural language understanding and generation. As an Analytical Linguist you will work both on complex projects spanning multiple products, groups, and disciplines, and on tightly focused efforts to produce specific product components or answer specific research questions. Analytical Linguists work in many different areas and arrive with a wide variety of skills—your specialization might involve natural language processing and understanding, phonology, phonetics, syntax, semantics, ontology, program management, human subject research, experimental design, statistics, corpus linguistics, large scale data acquisition, or any combination. This team is part of some of the most groundbreaking and exciting work at Google. It's our goal to use insights from linguistics and related fields to constantly improve our products.  Natural language technologies (NLU) have the potential to dramatically improve how Google interacts with and serves its users. Conversational assistants have especially great potential for helping people get things done in their everyday lives — but they depend on Google’s ability to understand what people need and how they express those needs.  The NLU team is responsible for developing resources and algorithms to support qualitatively more natural conversational interactions. We combine theoretical insights from linguistics, as well as practical systems experience, to build scalable knowledge-based and data-driven approaches to semantic structure, interpretation and inference.  As an Analytical Linguist, you'll have a broad knowledge of, and experience in, relevant areas of theoretical and computational linguistics, with special emphasis on semantic representations and how they connect with both world knowledge and surface syntax. Expertise with lexical resources, grammar formalisms and computational models that exploit both structured linguistic knowledge and statistical learning techniques is essential. You'll also possess relevant skills with a wide range of linguistic data, along with multilingual expertise.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Design resources and processes to support a variety of projects related to natural language understanding.  Extend or design conceptual/theoretical frameworks to support richer models of language use (e.g. incorporating frame semantics, the syntax/semantics interface, discourse and pragmatics, etc).  Develop methods for analyzing natural language data and using it to improve practical NLP systems.  Identify needs for linguistic data/corpora/tools.  Design tasks and frameworks for collecting and evaluating annotated data. Collaborate cross-functionally with linguists, researchers, engineers, and other cross-functional partners in a hybrid research-product environment.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Masters in a relevant analytical field (e.g. Linguistics, Cognitive Science, Statistics, Mathematics, etc) or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with theoretical, applied and computational linguistics. Experience with a variety of linguistic and/or ontological representations (e.g. grammar, syntax, semantics, discourse, pragmatics, inference, etc).  Experience working with large quantities of natural language data. Experience with lexical resources, corpora, NLP algorithms and tools.     Preferred qualifications:   Ph.D. in a relevant analytical field (e.g. linguistics, cognitive science, statistics, mathematics, etc).  Experience in designing and implementing data-based research experiments. Experience in managing, directing and/or evaluating the work of others.  Demonstrated analytical skills and excellent written and verbal communication skills in a technical context.  Proficiency in coding with Python and/or C++ (for scripting, corpus analysis, etc).  Demonstrated analytical and design abilities. Ability to prototype ideas, manipulate data and to conduct experiments. Effective communication and collaboration skills.  Ability to speak and write in one or more non-English languages.  Google is proud to boast a network that provides service to millions of Internet users around the world. The Network Engineering team is responsible for operating that network reliably and at scale. As a member of the team, you have a direct impact on design and feature enhancements to keep our systems running smoothly. You also ensure that network operations are safe and efficient by monitoring network performance, coordinating planned maintenance, adjusting hardware components and responding to network connectivity issues. Google's complex network generates a constant stream of challenges which require you to continually be innovative with an evolving set of technologies. Keeping the network reliable ensures that our users stay connected with our suite of applications, products and services.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Ensure Google’s messaging and voice infrastructure is maintained with a high-degree of operational efficiency.  Review, troubleshoot and resolve Messaging and Voice platform issues within agreed Service Level Agreements (SLAs).  Interact with internal product and engineering teams to provision, test and implement Messaging and Voice platform changes related to new partner integrations of feature enhancements involving different routing protocols.  Create, use and deploy automation tools to analyze and optimize network performance and team process efficiency improvements to ensure service availability of the Messaging and Voice platform.  Mentor junior system administrators on the team regarding Messaging and Voice over IP monitoring, triage, troubleshooting and repair.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or similar field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience with a telecom operator and/or vendor in operations or engineering roles working on messaging or voice networks.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in writing complex database queries using SQL.  Experience in Core Network Engineering and Operations for messaging, voice, data.  Experience with programmatically analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems, networks and data sets.  Knowledge of LTE, EPC, IMS, SIP, SS7, RTP, TCP/IP, NAT, scripting.  Knowledge of SMPP, MNP, MM7, SSL, VPN.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  We believe there are many problems in the world in which robotics could play a significant role in making it easier, faster and safer for people to get things done. We’re looking for roboticists, designers, hardware and software engineers to help us explore these possibilities, develop breakthrough technologies, and build new products that could help millions of people.  We're looking for Software Engineers excited about robotics and have a passion for test, manufacturing, and quality. You'll manage and construct critical components of our hardware test infrastructure. In this role, you will innovate and make impact on a growing project, working alongside a diverse group of Roboticists, Designers, Software Engineers and Technicians.  X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world-changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x].  Responsibilities  Develop, validate, deploy, and manage test stations. Maintain and update as necessary, primarily using Python.  Develop or customize simple UIs to facilitate initiating and tracking progress of processes. Work with Build Technicians to identify pain points in test processes and drive continuous improvement of our testers.  Work with Design and Controls Engineering teams to identify requirements and develop specifications for calibration, characterization and quality control tests.  Provide design for test (DFT) input into the Engineering design. Write methods to analyze data and extract key performance metrics.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Mechanical/Electrical engineering, or related field, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience in a Software Test Engineering role working with hardware products.  4 years programming experience in Python, with experience in C/C++.  Experience working with low-level communication protocols for embedded systems.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, or related field with focus on mechatronic systems or robotics.  Experience controlling and characterizing actuated systems.  Experience in lightweight UI development.  Comfort working in a Linux environment including automation and testing.  As a Data Collections Specialist, you will be a member of a Google AI team responsible for delivering products created or improved using machine learning tools. Your role will involve data set management associated with projects from research to prototype to product deployment. This will require working across a wide variety of data types involving stringent security and privacy compliance requirements and serving internal customers across multiple disciplines. This includes managing data set onboarding and access controls, building systems that improve visibility and discoverability, and providing prompt results on data set search queries. You're equally at home organizing disparate data types and talking with team members about current status of ingest or processing pipeline stages.  You have demonstrated organizational skills with strong attention to detail and task management. Your prior experience includes project management, database engineering, scripting and process documentation.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Work with engineering, operations and project management to ensure newly collected or generated data is organized and discoverable.  Curate data sets manually to facilitate programmatic ingestion and/or for one-time project requirements.  Develop systems with appropriate level of automation to scale routine data activities.  Maintain integrity of associated databases.  Run queries and create dashboards for project-specific needs.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree with an emphasis on quantitative or technical work (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience  SQL and Python scripting experience. Experience in SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition and schema design.  Experience designing data models and data warehouses, writing and maintaining ETLs which operate on structured and unstructured sources; Experience with spreadsheets, charts and dashboards     Preferred qualifications:   Understanding of fundamental computing concepts including data structures and algorithms  Unix fundamentals and shell scripting.  Familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C++, Ruby, etc.)  Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously in a fast paced and dynamic environment  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Software Engineer working on Google's infrastructure, you have the opportunity to work on everything from the core platform that runs the world's largest distributed network to redefining the systems that allow applications and services to provide useful information to billions of users around the globe. From our Data Center software groups to Google's Cloud Platform, Gmail to YouTube, our infrastructure engineers across departments wrestle with the vast scale of a ubiquitous system, its products, and services and revolutionize industry leading technologies to handle the sheer magnitude at which Google operates.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your strong background in distributed systems and large scale storage systems.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1-year of relevant work experience in software development.  Professional coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python or Go.  Experience architecting and developing large scale distributed systems. Experience in concurrency, multithreading and synchronization.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science.  Experience with Unix/Linux environments.  Experience with TCP/IP and network programming.  Experience with database internals, database language theories, database design, SQL and database programming.  Understanding of technologies such as virtualization and global infrastructure, load balancing, networking, massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce and security.  Interest or exposure to networking technologies/concepts such as Software Defined Networking (SDN) and OpenFlow.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  As Data Center Environmental Health &amp; Safety (EHS) and Sustainability Program Manager, you will provide leadership to realize continuous improvement on the application of analytical methodologies to leverage efficiencies and economies of scale as they relate to sustainability, health and safety data. You will engage with senior leaders to design well-constructed analyses and work cross-functionally with analysts, operations, engineers and facility managers to effectively deliver innovative and actionable recommendations. You will have the ability to “crunch the numbers” one minute and critically think through strategic issues the next.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Provide strategic, analytical support for all Health, Safety and Environmental activities for Google’s data centers/hosting business by developing work plans and robust recommendations.  Perform complex quantitative analysis of performance areas of environmental health and safety across Google’s fleet of data centers. Identify trends and opportunities for improvement. Create predictive forecasts and manage both leading and lagging metrics.  Own and manage multiple initiatives and drive programs both regularly and on an ad hoc basis to maximize hosting operating efficiencies. Create new scripts, databases, and spreadsheet-based tools to automate data collection and processing. Design and maintain data structures of moderate to high complexity.  Perform business analytics and decision support models, such as resource and headcount modeling, global budget management, supplier evaluation, and ROI analysis at a minimum.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Communicate highly technical results, methods, and findings clearly. Influence leaders to take action on these findings.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline such as finance, economics, statistics, science, or engineering, or equivalent practical experience.  8 years of sustainability, health, safety, environmental or engineering experience.  Project management experience.  Travel up to 20% as needed.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or graduate degree in a management field with an emphasis on sustainability, health or safety strategy.  Data center or heavy industry knowledge and experience in areas such as supplier management, project management, global operations, and/or cost controls in industry.  Ability to create workable project plans with project scope and execute on such plans.  Ability to conduct business analysis with complex data to identify critical issues to the firm's strategic, organizational, and operational needs.  Data driven problem solving skills; ability to identify key issues, gather and analyze large complex data sets to support hypotheses and develop actionable recommendations.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  As a Software Engineer working on Android mobile applications, you’ll drive new innovations and build beautiful user experiences. You’ll work with mobile developers and resources to drive the next generation of apps at Google.  You will develop applications primarily in Java and using the Android Software Development Kit (SDK). You might design and develop open-source Android applications that are part of the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) or closed-source Google applications that are the interface to Google services on Android.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of professional software development experience.  Experience with mobile application development or Android framework development.  Programming experience in Java.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience building Android applications.  Experience in API design, performance optimization, client architecture or tools in the mobile space.  Mobile application development experience.  Experience with Kotlin.  Knowledge of the Android SDK performance tools and optimization techniques.  Passion for shipping consumer facing, high quality, mobile products.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to handle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Storage Analytics is a high impact team dedicated to help build the best storage systems in the world. To achieve this, we’re working on projects to measure and analyze workloads, to evaluate new storage architectures and designs, and to help create the next generation of large scale distributed storage.  The Software Engineer role in Storage Analytics bridges the gap between Software Engineer and Data Scientist, and you will work and collaborate closely with Data Scientists on the team. We want our engineers to be curious, passionate about exploring new possibilities, interested in learning about new technologies and eager to explore open-ended problems.  In addition to designing software, you'll use various techniques such as stochastic modeling, statistical analysis, and machine learning. In this role you are allowed and encouraged to turn research ideas in storage systems design into real systems operating at the largest scales.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting-edge research, analysis, and modeling of Google’s infrastructure, particularly storage systems.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Master’s degree in Computer Science or similar technical degree, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++ or Python.  Experience with simulation and modeling of systems and/or statistics.  Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Strong computer systems experience.  Data analysis and visualization experience.  Exposure to industrial or academic research.  Google is proud to boast a network that provides service to millions of Internet users around the world. The Network Engineering team is responsible for operating that network reliably and at scale. As a member of the team, you have a direct impact on design and feature enhancements to keep our systems running smoothly. You also ensure that network operations are safe and efficient by monitoring network performance, coordinating planned maintenance, adjusting hardware components and responding to network connectivity issues. Google's complex network generates a constant stream of challenges which require you to continually be innovative with an evolving set of technologies. Keeping the network reliable ensures that our users stay connected with our suite of applications, products and services.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  As a Network Engineering Intern, you will have an opportunity to work with one of the largest network infrastructures on the planet, spanning two wide area backbones, nearly a hundred points of presence around the world, and data center networks with petabits of capacity. Interns work on a variety of challenging operational problems, such as fault diagnosis and root-cause analysis, performance measurement, and large-scale management automation. You will work alongside Google engineers, and employ a variety of techniques including data collection and correlation, machine learning, instrumentation and measurement, and topology graph analysis. Your work will contribute to improving the scaling, availability, and efficiency of the network that powers all of Google’s services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Collaborate closely with your mentor and other members of the network operations team to identify and develop solutions based on data analysis, algorithm design, software systems, etc.  Produce documentation of problems being addressed, solution designs, and results and ensure continued optimized operation of the global network infrastructure.  Support Google's internal application groups by identifying and presenting their network-impacting requirements to the rest of the Network Engineering team.  Support and lead implementation of Google's network infrastructure and solve complex networking issues.  Produce code artifacts using Google’s engineering tools, testing infrastructure, and best practices for Software systems projects.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or other related technical field.  Must be enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience with networking concepts and systems (e.g., routing and transport protocols, scalable and reliable system design, SDN, network management, cloud networking).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Operational experience in data center or wide area networks.  Network or system management automation experience.  Software development experience in Go, Python, or C++.  Knowledge in related disciplines such as distributed systems, data analysis, statistical analysis, machine learning, and software engineering.  Authorization to work in the United States.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Partner with internal business teams to define business processes and associated system requirements.  Participate in systems implementation projects (i.e. requirements documentation, systems configuration, test documentation and execution, issue identification and resolution).  Plan, prioritize, and deliver systems enhancements.  Support and upgrade implemented systems.  Experience working on a variety of enterprise applications and problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years experience integrating 3rd party business applications.  Experience in system development in one or more of the following: Legal, Payroll/Time &amp; Attendance (UltiPro &amp; Kronos), Finance (Procure to Pay, Order to Cash, Accounting), Treasury, Human Resources, M&amp;A (Workday), Master Data Services and/or PLM/CAD (Windchill).     Preferred qualifications:   MS in Computer Science or related field.  10 years of relevant work experience  Strong hands-on skills using SQL and relational database management systems (Oracle, MySQL, Sybase, SQL Server).  Successful track record in working with cross-functional engineering teams.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, strong analytical skills, and ability to deal with ambiguity in a rapidly changing business environment.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build VR features for a range of uses. Support diverse clients, including small footprint mobile devices.  Develop and architect projects, plugins, games, demos and SDKs.  Provide general project support to help ensure high performance integration of VR features into the platforms.  Build systems that are highly performant on a wide range of devices across a number of platforms.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.  Experience with Virtual Reality, including but not limited to 3D graphics, OpenGL, rendering, digital AV, video and audio codecs, and/or media players.  Experience with mobile development in Android, iOS, or other mobile environments.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science with an emphasis on graphics.  Experience using Unity and/or Unreal Engine.  Experience designing APIs and SDKs and/or game development.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google Hardware, Google Home, Device Platform team is working on revolutionizing how people interact with their TVs, speakers, home entertainment and assistant devices. We are the team that built Google Home Mini, Google Home, Google Home Max, Google Wifi, Chromecast Ultra, Chromecast, and Chromecast Audio.  Our main software stack includes Chromium-based browser implementation with additions to support Cast protocol, Google assistant, hardware accelerated AV pipelines of the SoC, Assistant client code running on the device that handles voice/speech locally and interacts with the assistant servers.  We are looking to extend media processing capabilities, support new assistant and voice features, optimize graphics performance, and improve the system reliability and performance for our next-generation products planned for the coming years and beyond.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information - hardware. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Implement Chromium-based browser  Extend media processing capabilities  Support new assistant and voice features  Optimize graphics performance  Improve the system reliability and performance for our next-generation products  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical  Experience in code optimization, high performance computing and multi-threading programming with multi-core CPU.  Real time graphics rendering experience with video and media processing pipelines and Audio/speech signal processing.  Browser technologies and Web (HTML5/JavaScript) applications experience. Experience programming in C/C++ and experience in Unix/Linux environments.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with DRM solutions (Widevine, Playready, etc.), Conditional Access Systems, Trusted Execution Environments, Security or Media Frameworks.  Track record of successful development and application of machine learning, computer vision, and/or artificial intelligence.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Graphics Software Engineer at Google, you will have the opportunity to pioneer, develop and build out our stunning visual experiences. You may investigate, prototype and implement solutions to achieve the highest quality graphics possible in software and consumer hardware. You have experience in one or more areas of computer graphics; areas may include rendering, mathematics, computational geometry, graphic frameworks and libraries or other graphic related technologies.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of experience with computer graphic frameworks and libraries, including but not limited to OpenGL, DirectX, or Vulkan.  Professional coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python or Go.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science with an emphasis on graphics.  Experience with 3D rendering, GPU optimization or optimized rendering engines.  Experience with mathematics, computational geometry, or other graphic related technologies.  Experience with graphics hardware architecture.  YouTube's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how millions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our ambitions reach far beyond just Search. Our products need to handle information at the scale of the web. We're looking for ideas from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, and user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you work on a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fast-paced business grows and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to take on new problems as we continue to push technology forward.With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share.  Responsibilities  Design, implement and launch highly-visible, user-facing features.  Develop new ways for YouTube users to find interesting content.  Design and develop large scale web applications.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.   Experience working with two or more from the following:  web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, big data, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, and/or developing large software systems.  Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, or JavaScript.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, executive speaker series, and community-building. This program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal - which requires research, awareness, interactivity, and asking questions.  From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. We focus on being a collaborative, global organization consisting of engineers who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on our core products and services as well as those who support critical functions of our engineering operations. Depending on your background and experience, you will be working in one of the following areas:  Product and Systems Development  Whether it's finding new and innovative ways to advance search quality, building computing platform and networking technologies, automating the indexing of videos, or continuing to refine and scale complex auction systems (just to name a few), you will be developing solutions to some of the most challenging technical problems out there. You will research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offerings and collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Examples of specialist domains: UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, security, embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers).  Engineering Productivity  As a Software Engineer in the Engineering Productivity organization, you'll use your software design, analysis and programming skills to create innovative automated test systems. The test team undertakes a broad range of challenges on a daily basis, designing and building intelligent systems that can explore various use cases and scenarios for distributed computing infrastructure. Just imagine trying to design and build an automated testing system for something that's never been done before.  Site Reliability  Software Engineers working in Site Reliability are involved in every facet of Google's production and work on the cutting edge of cloud-based computing. As a member of this team you are in the thick of everything involved with keeping Google running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. Software engineers on this team love to create robust and scalable software that scale to tens of millions of users. You will handle challenging, novel situations every day, and work with just about every other engineering and operations team to provide services and applications that are quintessentially Google - fast, reliable and accessible to all.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world problems.  Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.  Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.  Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor's or Master’s degree program in Computer Science or related technical field and returning to a full-time degree program after completion of the internship.  Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms; experience with algorithms, using data structures to solve problems, and interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Experience writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python (e.g., remove duplicate elements from a list).  Experience with linear coding and use language features when necessary (e.g., data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in 2019.  Previous tech internships or demonstrated work experience (i.e. research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.) programming in two or more of the following languages: C, C++ Java, JavaScript, or Python.  Ability to develop thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing).  Ability to manipulate code to improve system availability and latency and optimize code for stability, functionality and scalability for a segment of Google's infrastructure, service area, or within a technology domain (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).  Ability to isolate problems to a database subsystem.  Authorization to work in the United States.  As a Staffing Services Operations Analyst, you partner across the company to solve some of the toughest scalability challenges that Google faces in its efforts to hire and grow great Googlers. You are accountable for measuring the organization’s productivity, supporting analytical requests, maintaining a suite of dashboards, and developing insightful, actionable metrics that measure the behaviors that matter most to hiring success. You will play a critical role in resource planning to ensure the organization can support the interviews that Googlers conduct each year.  Additionally, you provide valuable analyses on topics related to interview load distribution, interviewer calibration, internal mobility, and other parts of the interviewing process. You will drive innovative improvements that capture Google’s spirit and are underpinned by intellectual and analytical rigor. You are a problem-solver who leads action-oriented analyses to provide regular insights and reports on efficiency and organizational trends. You are excited to build clear metrics and use data to tell a compelling story to stakeholders to socialize new ideas or influence clients in a certain direction. Your projects might include applying statistical techniques to analyze interviewing effectiveness, developing models to build our global resource planning model, or helping to define our dashboards roadmap. You ensure that our Staffing Services team is well-informed and able to make thoughtful, data-driven decisions on hiring.  The Google People Services Operations function is the services and program management group within People Operations that makes HR stuff easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our global team optimizes people processes, from problem definition to execution. We partner with teams across People Operations and in engineering to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast-paced environment to deliver operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across our global offices.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Define and evaluate key success metrics, measure efficiency, and inform business decisions and strategy.  Ensure new tools, metrics, and processes land well and are adopted within the Staffing Services Team.  Use analytical rigor to inform decisions, provide insights, and tell a compelling, data-driven story to our users.  Develop domain expertise across various Staffing Services Team roles and systems and build strong partnerships with other Google People Services and Staffing Services Team leaders to proactively identify opportunities for further process improvement.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, or other Quantitative field (e.g. Physics, Engineering, Computer Science, Chemistry, Econometrics), or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of Data Analysis experience.  Experience working with senior leaders as an analyst or in an analytical role.  Experience with SQL and spreadsheets.     Preferred qualifications:   Ability to navigate ambiguity and make thoughtful trade-offs to best serve stakeholder, organizational, and team needs.  Detail-oriented problem solver with a desire to innovate and improve metrics and tools.  Excellent analytical skills with capability to leverage large amounts of data to drive business strategies and decisions.  Strong communication, organization, and documentation skills, with the ability to be personable yet persistent and influence stakeholders cross-functionally.  Experience with scripting and data analysis languages, such as Python and R.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  As an Energy Market Development Program Analyst, you will lead quantitative and qualitative analysis to drive energy market development initiatives that ensure Google’s data centers and operations have access to cost-effective and reliable power supply options, and that advance market solutions to help Google meet its 100% clean energy goal. This role will require you to effectively collaborate across a variety of internal teams focused on energy and infrastructure issues. It may also involve engaging external stakeholders including utilities, government officials, regulators, industry, and public interest groups to develop and implement energy policy solutions in the marketplace.  The role requires a deep handle on energy industry trends and a strategic perspective on the sector’s future, a solid understanding of how electric utilities operate and the fundamentals of their regulatory environment. You will collaborate with utilities, regulators, and energy industry stakeholders, including NGOs. You also have a strong analytical ability to navigate today’s complex electricity market structures.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Lead strategic evaluations of regulatory and policy environments, electricity industry trends, political trends, stakeholder interests, and electricity institutional structures to assess risks and opportunities for Google’s data center electricity supply portfolio.  Provide analytical support to team members to further in-market energy policy development efforts, including regulatory policy analysis, rate impact analysis and political analysis.  Work cross-functionally with others on the data center team and the Google Public Policy team to support strategies to integrate Google’s energy story into the a broader Google-wide narrative and communicate policy positions to key constituencies.  Support advocacy work through energy trade associations, industry partners, non-profit groups, and other allies to advance Google’s strategic energy interests and priorities.  Lead sophisticated quantitative and qualitative analysis of the energy markets to guide Google’s energy market development strategy, influence key industry stakeholders, and set policy direction in a variety of markets  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in technology, science, law, policy or economics or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience working with various institutions of government, including regulatory commissions, local, state and federal agencies and international policy making bodies.  3 years of relevant experience working with electric utilities, regulators, clean energy advocates, energy policy makers, or other energy industry stakeholders     Preferred qualifications:   Strong quantitative and qualitative analytical abilities, with a particular focus on energy markets  Creative approach to solving nebulous multi-stakeholder challenges, ability to thrive in environments with ambiguity and uncertainty.  Robust executive presence, ability to build successful relationships.  Exceptional oral and written communication ability and excellent project management skills.  As an Applications Engineer Intern, you will play a major role in developing, deploying and supporting Google’s internal business applications. You will be tasked with solving various problems over time. When the situation calls for it, you’ll be part of a team that implements vendor sourced enterprise software, configuring that software, customizing it, and integrating with other internal systems. Other times, you’ll be primarily tasked with creating custom-built software.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and back-end services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions, and troubleshooting their problems. Understand operational workflows, identify and define tool needs to enable operational scaling, and drive the development (initial and ongoing) and deployment of these tools with Engineering.  Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems.  Partner with internal teams to define and implement solutions that improve internal business processes.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Master's degree in Information Science or related technical field.  Must be enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience in Java programming.  Authorization to work in the United States.     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Experience implementing, customizing and integrating third-party applications within Finance, Supply Chain, HR, Marketing, etc. Experience in developing internal business applications and business integration.  Experience in systems software or algorithms as well as experience in SQL, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services (RESTful, SOAP), JavaScript.  Understanding of information management, data modeling, system integration, development methodologies (including unit testing) and web technologies.  Understanding of software development life cycle.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; strong analytical skills and a demonstrable bias toward action.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.  The Data Infrastructure &amp; Analysis (DIA) team within Google is responsible for developing an end-to-end integrated stack that serves the internal data management and analysis needs for Google’s products and applications. We partner very closely with key Google products (including AdWords, AdSense, Payments, Shopping) whose infrastructure is underpinned by products from this stack which offers a full spectrum of generic, highly extensible products for data ingestion, processing, storage, and analysis. Our systems are multi-homed, highly reliable and highly scalable. We also collaborate closely with academia and innovate relentlessly to ensure that this stack stays state of the art.  Users come first at Google. Nowhere is this more important than on our Advertising &amp; Commerce team: we believe that ads and commercial information can be highly useful to our users if, and only if, that information is relevant to what our users wish to find or do. Advertisers worldwide use AdWords to promote their products; publishers use AdSense to serve relevant ads on their website; and business around the world use our products (like Google Shopping, and Google Wallet) to support their online businesses and bring users into their offline stores. We build and maintain the platforms that have made Google what it is today, and are constantly innovating to deliver the most effective advertising and commerce opportunities of tomorrow.  Responsibilities  Work closely with Technical/Product/Project leadership and align project priorities and schedules.  Identify and solve cross-functional and inter-team issues quickly.  Manage multiple interdependent projects of moderate to high complexity and scope.  Exercise independent judgment and develop recommendations that translate into a course of action.  Design and implement build and operational processes that help the teams/organization scale.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, related fields or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of cross-functional Program Management experience working among several technical groups; such as engineering teams and design teams.  3 years of experience with Data Infrastructure products (e.g. pipelines, storage, queries, business intelligence and analytics).  Experience designing process improvements that tailor to specific project(s) needs.     Preferred qualifications:   Master of Science or 7 years of experience with Data Infrastructure products (e.g. pipelines, storage, queries, business intelligence and analytics).  PMP Certification or equivalent demonstrated practical project management experience.  Experience with backend systems development and integration.  Working experience with data management systems (transactional and analytical).  Ability to provide timely reports to stakeholders and executives; able to articulate thoughts clearly and follow up on tasks and questions on behalf of engineers.  Ability to communicate across a wide variety of functions (e.g. Engineering, Product Product Management) and levels. Excellent interpersonal and analytical abilities.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. This team will allow you to work on projects that will aim to make all our products accessible to everyone, with a particular focus on users with special needs or disabilities.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Users with disabilities pose many unique technical challenges, as we seek to address at global scale needs that vary from individual to individual.  As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. You are versatile, display leadership qualities and are enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Write solid, maintainable, well tested client code.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in computer science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Programming experience in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java and/or Python.  Experience with assistive technologies such as screen readers, scanning interfaces or assistive listening devices.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  1-year of relevant work experience, including experience with UNIX/Linux or Windows environments, distributed systems, machine learning, information retrieval and TCP/IP.  Experience with and a passion for user-interface design.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  As a software engineer working on networking systems, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Current needs include high-impact projects in network telemetry, network monitoring, campus networking, wireless communications, as well as core data infrastructure work helping to expand our global data center presence.  You are an engineer who can bring fresh ideas from areas of networking and distributed computing and has a passion for pushing technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Build our networking platforms, systems and infrastructure using your strong background in networked and distributed systems.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance networking software solutions.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with networking software (e.g., OSI Model, TCP/IP, IPTables, NAT, Deep Packet Inspection, IPV4, IPV6, routing protocols, etc.).  Coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python or Go.  Experience developing large scale distributed systems.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science.  Experience with Unix/Linux environments.  Familiarity with Network Virtualization or Software Defined Networking (SDN).  Experience with load balancing and Edge Computing concepts such as Content Delivery Networks (CDN).  Understanding of 2 or more of the following Networking and Communications protocols: RCS, WebRTC, LTE, Wireless/WLAN, Evolved Packet Core (EPC), Fast Packet Processing, Traffic Analysis/Management, Caching, ForCES, OpenFlow, etc.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Help build a world class team and cultivate innovation.  Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.  Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  10 years of relevant work experience, or 5 years of relevant work experience with a PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience in Software Development in one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, Java, Python, JavaScript, C#, Go, Objective-C and/or Swift.  Experience architecting and developing large scale design.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field.   Experience working with one or more from the following:  Infrastructure, Machine Learning, Mobile Application Development, Embedded Systems, Front End Development, Security and Privacy.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Google Spotlight Stories is our platform for delivering high quality, interactive, animated short stories to smartphones and AR/VR devices. Each new story leverages our technology to showcase the talent of leading directors, artists, and storytellers from the feature film and animation industries. Technologically, each production is akin to a distinct game, with challenging new requirements for engine subsystems, visual effects, and tools.  As an ATAP Graphics Software Engineer, you will work on multiple areas of engine development for upcoming stories, including implementing and optimizing rendering and animation subsystems, shaders, in-game and offline tools. You will have a critical eye for improvements across all of our tech and processes: workflow, code quality, engine stability and performance.  One of the driving forces of innovation at Google is our Advanced Technologies and Projects (ATAP) team. ATAP is a fast-paced, solution-oriented group developing and executing projects at the point where emerging science/technology trends meet consumer needs, products and services. Googlers working on ATAP projects will create demonstrations and user experiences that appear magical, simple and wondrous—and deliver at lightning speeds.  Responsibilities  Propose, design, and implement game engine features such as rendering and animation capabilities, data management  Implement and optimize in-game and offline tools for developers and content creators using our rendering engine  Optimize low level systems for target hardware  Create documentation and test code for our tools and APIs  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   5 years of game and/or graphics programming experience in C/C++.   Experience in one or more of the following areas:  shader effects, rendering systems, physics and collisions, low level animation systems, scene and resource management, multithreaded programming.  Experience working with multidisciplinary teams and experience collaborating with artists on visuals and graphics techniques.  Experience with OpenGL or OpenGL ES, Direct X, Vulkan, Metal and cross-platform development.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS degree or relevant experience  Experience with performance analysis and low-level optimization techniques, Lua scripting and ARM/NEON assembly  VR and/or AR experience  Developed and released games for iOS, Android, PC or console and experience with game asset pipelines and content creation tools development  Strong 3D mathematics skills (matrices, vectors, and trigonometry)  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Design software systems that interface with humans, machines and other software.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Development experience in C or C++, with Object Oriented and algorithmic experience.  Experience with networking software (e.g., TCP/IP, IP Tables, NAT, Deep Packet Inspection, IPV4, IPV6, routing protocols, etc.).  Experience with Software Defined Networking, Network Function Virtualization, OpenFlow, or ForCES.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience architecting and developing software for scalable, distributed systems.  Experience with data center networking, container networking.  Experience with LTE, Evolved Packet Core (EPC), Voice/RCS, Fast Packet Processing, Lawful Intercept, High Availability, Linux, Kernel Bypass, Fast Packet Processing  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  On the ARCore team, you’ll build software to make augmented reality more collaborative and useful. Imagine being able to redecorate a room with a friend, get walking navigation directions from your smartphone's camera, or see information about the Eiffel Tower when you look at it. You’ll work on all this and more.  The Google Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality team is a fast moving group of engineers, designers, and research scientists tasked with building the foundations for great immersive and augmented reality apps and prototyping novel, delightful user experiences. We are focused on making virtual reality accessible to millions of people through mobile devices, and its scope continues to grow and evolve.    Responsibilities  Design new AR features, building new APIs, services, and tools from scratch.  Collaborate with internal and external teams to define new capabilities for AR.  Launch new APIs/features in Google’s AR products including ARCore and Android.  Leverage technology like Visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (VSLAM), Visual Inertial Odometry (VIO), and Image Processing.  Work on projects in C++, Java, Objective C, or Swift.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.  Experience in Augmented Reality including but not limited to Computer Vision, Computational Geometry, Visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (VSLAM), Visual Inertial Odometry (VIO), and/or Image Processing.  Experience with mobile development in Android, iOS, or other constrained mobile environments.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science or a related field.  Experience with sensor accuracy, calibration, and fusion.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Are you passionate about developing image processing algorithms on leading edge mobile hardware? Join our team to transform imaging as we know it today. From 3As to ISPs to computational photography, we are creating tomorrow’s photography experience. You will work hands-on with scientists and engineers in one of the most advanced image quality labs built. You will also research, learn, build, and deploy camera systems that will excite users across the world!  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, implement and optimize algorithms for Google products.  Develop new algorithms to improve the image/video quality (SNR, color reproduction, stabilization, facial enhancements) or enable new photography features.  Develop auto white balance, auto exposure, auto focus, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection algorithms for Google products.  Work cross-functionally with hardware teams to support algorithm implementation and optimization.  Integrate imaging simulation controls, image analysis and data visualization.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience in computer vision/machine learning, image processing, or computer graphics.  Experience in computational photography algorithm or ISP (3A and image restoration/enhancement algorithms) development.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience with camera automatic control algorithm development implementation (i.e. auto white balance, auto focus, auto exposure, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection).  Experience in GPU, Halide, or other functional languages.  Interest in consumer cameras and photography.  Join us for a unique 12-14 week internship that will take place Summer 2018.  Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in your best interest to apply early. All hiring will be completed by March 2018. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.  At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security.  There's no such thing as a "safe system" - only safer systems. Our Security team works to create and maintain the safest operating environment for Google's users and developers. As a Security Engineer Intern, you help protect network boundaries, keep computer systems and network devices hardened against attacks and provide security services to protect highly sensitive data like passwords and customer information. Security Engineers work with a broad range of devices, actively monitoring our systems for attacks and intrusions. We focus on the offensive/testing side and work with software engineers to proactively identify and fix security flaws and vulnerabilities. We also build tools, scripts and other automation to help our project teams achieve Google-scale impact.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Responsibilities may vary by area.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science, Information Security or a related technical field.  Enrolled in a full- time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Coding experience in one or more general purpose languages.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Security or a related technical field.  Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Knowledge of attacks and mitigation methods, with knowledge in two or more of the following: Network protocols and secure network design; Operating system internals and hardening (e.g. Windows, Linux, OS X, Android); Web application and browser security; Security assessments and penetration testing; Authentication and access control; Applied cryptography and security protocols; Security monitoring and intrusion detection; Incident response and forensics; Development of security tools, automation or frameworks.  Authorization to work in the United States.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You have proven experience coaching and mentoring others, excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, software development cycle and SQL-based relational databases. Your expertise and presentation skills will be on display as you engage with partners to understand their business and technical requirements, and persuasively present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with Partner Development Managers and Partner Sales Managers to develop our Google Cloud ecosystem. You will help prospective partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business – all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers – developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies – see the benefits of our technology come to life.  From startups building their first app to billion-user consumer companies crunching big data, the Google Cloud Platform gives developers and businesses the most advanced data and analytics solution on the market, along with Google's secure, high performance infrastructure. Our team of technical account managers and software engineers work with partners across all functions to develop solutions that harness Google's planet-wide platform to solve the world's most challenging problems.  Responsibilities  Work with partner managers to identify and qualify partnership opportunities  Own the technical relationship with Google’s partners, empowering them on managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Work with partners to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to partner sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a Technical Sales Engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer and/or partner-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services, solutions architect or systems engineering team).  Experience with cloud computing concepts such as Big Data, PaaS and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Experience leading teams with a strong focus on coaching and mentoring.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - relating to big data trends and challenges within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand and work with new and emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager Intern at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.    Using your technical and leadership expertise, you run Engineering-focused projects that are well-defined under supervision.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with Google Engineering teams to design, develop, implement, launch, and support new services and enhancements to existing services.  Develop and execute plans under a set of implementation and delivery time constraints, optimizing for a blend of cost, schedule, and features.  Collect and analyze relevant data and take actions accordingly.  Facilitate broad collaboration with clear communications and documentation.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field.  Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Go or Python.     Preferred qualifications:   Currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.  Experience writing code and contributing to open source projects.  Analytical and solution-oriented background, with great people skills and structured problem solving capabilities.  Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels.  Effective analytical, problem-solving and organizational skills.  Authorization to work in the United States.  How do you release updates and changes to the world's most trafficked sites without users ever noticing a glitch in service? Our Release Engineering team takes on this very challenge. As a member of the team, you work with Software Engineers to ensure our services and products seamlessly move from development through rollout and into production. This requires scripting and coding with an eye toward scalability so that big deployments can be broken down and distributed across multiple data centers. You are excited by massively complex systems and the challenges that come from working with some of the largest computing systems in the world. From changing the look of Google Search to backend tweaks to our algorithms, we are constantly pushing updates and iterating on all of our products.  Using your leadership and technical expertise, you manage small project teams and lead the complex application releases for production and develop major improvement to tools and processes.  At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security.  Responsibilities  Support and improve our tools for continuous integration, automated testing and release management.  Manage release branches.  Build and sanity test release binaries (server-side).  Push new releases to production (server-side).  Maintain the build process to support ongoing R&amp;D.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in software engineering, release engineering and/or configuration management.     Preferred qualifications:   6 years of relevant work experience.  Familiarity with software configuration management systems and/or source code version control systems. Perforce experience.  Experience with scripting languages, particularly Python.  Experience with code signing and build management tools (make, SCons, ant).  Experience building C++ and Java applications.   Server side products:  knowledge of Unix/Linux. Client side products: knowledge of multiple client OS's, such as Windows, Mac, Linux, iPhone, Blackberry and Android.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  You will work with Software/Quality/Tuning engineers to optimize the implementation, test and tune the algorithm for mobile devices. You will also develop the methodology for automated and expedited tuning for reduce manual effort.  You will develop auto exposure and auto focus algorithms and work with Software Engineers to integrate the algorithm into the Android platform and optimize performance. You will be in charge of commercializing the algorithms on mobile devices and work with image quality engineers to fine tune the algorithm for highest quality. You will also develop automated tuning methodology to expedite the tuning process and reduce manual effort.  Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.  Responsibilities  Develop auto white balance, auto exposure, auto focus, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection algorithms for mobile device cameras  Design methodology for automated tuning to reduce manual labor  Commercialize the algorithms for Google products  Engage with different sensor and module vendors and incorporate the new technology into Google products. Work with different SOC vendors to integrate the algorithms onto their platforms.  Implement, optimize and integrate the algorithms onto target device platforms  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in camera automatic control algorithm development implementation (i.e. auto white balance, auto focus, auto exposure, auto flicker detection/correction, auto scene detection).     Preferred qualifications:   Master's or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.  You will work on configuring and extending third-party procurement applications to automate Google’s Supply Chain across various business areas. You will be tasked with solving business problems that Google faces on a daily basis. You will enhance the capabilities of a vendor sourced enterprise software with a custom-built Integration platform to allow automation with our internal systems. Google offers the chance to work on cutting edge technology in a collaborative and exciting environment.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Partner with internal teams to define and implement solutions that improve internal business processes.  Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and further evolve existing systems.  Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.   Maintain levels of development practices including:  technical design, solution development, systems configuration, documentation, test, issue identification and resolution, writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Perform end-to-end application development, and own an entire application and build the front-end, middle tier, storage and integration points, when necessary.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Programming experience in Java, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services (RESTful, SOAP), JavaScript.  Experience with third-party systems.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience implementing, customizing and integrating third-party applications within Finance, Supply Chain etc with specialization in SAP’s Procurement modules.  Experience developing internal business applications and business integration.  Experience working with systems that handle sensitive data.  Business domain knowledge.  Interpersonal and communication skills, strong analytical skills, and ability to work with ambiguity in a rapidly changing business environment.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.    With your technical expertise, you build business applications and influence the design of features that improve the reliability of our applications and systems. You also define the scope of technical projects and oversee execution.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Partner with Product Area business, engineering, privacy, security and legal to provide an easy on-ramp (or off-ramp) for the business application systems of acquisitions/spinouts and non-Google Alphabet entities.  Work with the Mergers &amp; Acquisitions Team program managers and analysts to create and offer integrations with SFDC.  Lead and manage the design, configuration and deployment of medium complexity CRM and other modules to support sales automation  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  Certified Salesforce Platform Developer II  5 years of experience with the configuration and custom development for several CRM modules in SFDC. Experience integrating SFDC with multiple business applications.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C++, Python, JavaScript or other scripting language.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s degree in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Experience in designing and implementing SFDC cross-organization along with cross-instance integrations in support of multiple business process environments.  CRM domain knowledge with relevance to the cloud industry and its sales channels.  Demonstrated capability to develop and nurture relationships with key stakeholders/partners.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  Leaders in Data Science can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique hybrid role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of leadership, creating visual displays of quantitative information. Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional partners to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Develop a vision and roadmap for analytics across a product or functional group.  Own relationships with executive stakeholders across Google Engineering.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  8 years of relevant experience in an analytical function.  Experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.).  Experience with articulating product questions, pulling data from datasets (SQL) and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS or Master's degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences).  Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and design of ETL flows.  Work experience in an inter-disciplinary/cross-functional field.  Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and impeccable business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations. Strong written and verbal communication skills.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.  As an Application Engineer, you will play a major role in developing, deploying and supporting Google’s internal business applications. You will be tasked with solving various problems over time. When the situation calls for it, you’ll be part of a team that implements vendor sourced enterprise software, configuring that software, customizing it, and integrating with other internal systems. Other times, you’ll be primarily tasked with creating custom-built software.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Develop and deploy applications that support and change fundamental assumptions of how IT works.  Partner with internal teams to define and implement solutions that improve internal business processes.  Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  Build internal solutions, with custom front-ends (web, mobile) and back-end services that automate business processes. Maintain highest levels of development practices including: technical design; solution development; systems configuration; test documentation/execution; issue identification and resolution; writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Integrate third party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Programming experience in Java, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services (RESTful, SOAP), JavaScript  Experience developing internal business applications and business integration     Preferred qualifications:   MS in Computer Science, related field or 4 years of relevant work experience  Experience implementing, customizing and integrating third-party applications within Finance, Supply Chain, HR, Marketing etc.  Participation in multiple full system implementation life cycles (analyze, design, build, test, implement, support)  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; strong analytical skills and a demonstrable bias toward action.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  You will design and implement kernel drivers for video codec accelerators, and be responsible of their software/hardware integration to various platforms. Working with the video core development team, you will participate in the design of the video codec and related IP blocks. You will collaborate with internal and external partner teams to integrate the IPs in their platforms, and provide simulation models for chip-level performance modeling.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information - hardware. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Design, implement and integrate low level software driving video acceleration.  Engage with internal and external partners to ensure smooth integration of the video accelerators.  Integrate video codec accelerator software and hardware to various chip platforms.  Design simulation models and benchmarks for the video accelerators for chip-level performance modeling.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   B.Sc. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or equivalent field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience with software/hardware interfaces and integration.  Experience with C/C++ and Python programming.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with verification using FPGAs and/or emulation platforms.  Experience with video/imaging accelerators and pixel pipelines.  Experience with SoC architecture and standard interfaces.  Experience with Consumer Electronics or Software Development related to Consumer Hardware.  Demonstrated understanding of key concepts in computer architecture.  Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. As an Analyst, you’ll use your technical expertise, business acumen and client relations skills to help our team find and develop the best talent in the world. Whether it’s forecasting hiring needs, developing tools to automate HR systems or analyzing the impact of one of our staffing programs, your work will be crucial in ensuring that we make intelligent, data-driven decisions. You’ll work in close partnership with the staffing and operations management teams to lead action-oriented analyses and provide regular weekly and monthly reports on performance and trends. Projects might include applying statistical techniques to make hiring projections for a specific function or role, using supply chain techniques to provide forward looking insight into our candidate pipeline or developing models to build our global resource planning model. Above all else, you’ll focus on ensuring that our organization is well-informed and able to make our people-related processes and systems better, faster and more user-friendly.  As a Staffing and Operations Analyst, you’ll play an important role in helping our People Services Operations team ensure that Googlers and future Googlers have a magical experience from before they’re hired to their first day on the job, and throughout their career in Google. You’ll work in close partnership with the Operations management team to lead action-oriented analyses and provide regular insights, and at times reports, on performance and related trends. Projects might include applying statistical techniques to analyze organizational effectiveness, developing models to build our global resource planning model, or helping to define our technology roadmap. Above all else, you’ll focus on ensuring that our People Operations organization is well-informed and able to make thoughtful, data-driven decisions.  The Google People Services Operations function is the services and program management group within People Operations that makes HR stuff easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our team optimizes people processes, from problem definition to execution. We partner with teams across People Operations and in Engineering to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast-paced environment to deliver multiple operational services, manage the contingent workforce, and implement HR programs across multiple countries.  Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Structure and perform analyses independently, and conduct research to uncover the insights that support our recommendations.  Develop analysis and partner with Staffing leadership in order to define and analyze key success metrics, measure efficiency, and inform the best possible business decisions.  Prioritize and work effectively in an environment with competing demands.  Understand the GPS Operations and People Operations process landscape to identify opportunities to improve processes in order to ensure a magical Googler experience.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Business Administration, Computer Science, Finance, Statistics, related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant work experience.  Experience in management consulting or business strategy with work experience as an analyst or in an analytical role.  Spreadsheet software experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with SQL, Python or R.  Deep modeling experience.  Experience in management consulting or other business strategy experience.  Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured environment; comfort dealing with ambiguity.  Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with capability to process large amounts of data to drive business strategies and decisions.  Excellent communications skills. Solutions and client service-oriented, with an emphasis on creativity and diligence.  As a Solutions Consultant, you will work side-by-side with strategic Google Cloud Healthcare and Life Sciences customers. You’ll leverage your cloud computing expertise along with hands-on experience in the healthcare or life sciences industries, helping to lead flawless implementations and integration of custom features.  Together with the team, you will support implementations of Google Cloud Healthcare products, sharing best practices, providing guidance around architectures, data migration, capacity planning, and more.  Your understanding of the customer landscape, requirements, and challenges will enable you to work hand-in-hand with our product and engineering teams to design and implement scalable customer solutions on Google Cloud and take them to market.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Provide healthcare or life sciences domain expertise in supporting the technical relationship with Google’s customers. This includes (but is not limited to) product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the enablement of integrations allowing for a full deployment of products managing healthcare and/or life sciences data in Google Cloud.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Work hands-on with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Own the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources.  Travel to customer sites, conferences and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working in a cloud computing environment (infrastructure, storage, platforms and/or data).  Experience working in a healthcare and/or life science domain, including deploying solutions in healthcare and/or life sciences related IT infrastructure.  Experience with one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++ or similar     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other relevant technical field.  Experience working with a variety of technology systems, designing solutions or developing applications in healthcare and/or life science environments.  Understanding of current trends of healthcare and/or life sciences infrastructure, (including databases, enterprise integration buses, protocols, APIs and formats), security, networking and cloud-based delivery models.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of work or educational experience in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python  4 years of relevant work experience, including software development experience, or 1 year of relevant work experience with a PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field.   Experience with one or more of the following:  Natural Language Processing, text understanding, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.    With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.  Soli is a new pico radar for touchless interaction and environmental awareness. The goal of the project is to enable rich and consistent touchless interaction across various device categories and verticals.  One of the driving forces of innovation at Google is our Advanced Technologies and Projects (ATAP) team. ATAP is a fast-paced, solution-oriented group developing and executing projects at the point where emerging science/technology trends meet consumer needs, products and services. Googlers working on ATAP projects will create demonstrations and user experiences that appear magical, simple and wondrous—and deliver at lightning speeds.  Responsibilities  Work to develop custom algorithms, infrastructure, and tools that enable touchless interactions.  Collaborate with other Machine Learning Engineers, Signal Processing Experts and UX Designers to shape, explore, and deliver magical user experiences in high-impact Hardware Products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant industry experience.  Experience working with C++ or Python and experience designing a distributed machine learning system or other applied machine learning experience in production systems.  Experience building and shipping hardware products.     Preferred qualifications:    Experience with one or more of the following:  Signal Processing, classification, regression, wireless communications and/or Machine Learning backend infrastructure.  Experience with MATLAB, matplotlib and algorithms.  Familiarity with tensorflow, flume and data pipelines.  Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and work across a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google.  As a HR Analyst, you enable the Employee Relations (ER) team to deliver solutions to clients seamlessly. The main priority of the role is to provide support to the ER team and to plan and keep track of delivery across the team and clients. You'll work closely with People Partners and Consultants and liaise with other functions and stakeholders across Google.  In this role, you will work in conjunction with the Employee Relations and Investigations team, other Human Resource Business Partners and Consultants, Integrity and Governance, Ethics and Compliance, Security, Internal Audit and Employment Legal on executing against established processes and refining them to make them more efficient. You will play an important role in helping our global ER team address the data and analytical needs of their teams and clients across the globe.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Use analytical reasoning to identify problems and develop hypotheses, often recommending a data product that addresses client’s/stakeholder’s needs. Assist with maintenance and update of investigations database and documentation.  Provide management coordination and guidance for HR Business Partners and Managers on reorganizations. Maintain and update reorg documentation, reorg site and tracking tools, primarily responsible for reorg paperwork and tracking process improvements.  Prepare, track and maintain appropriate investigation and reorganization data and documentation.  Manipulate and analyze large data sets to distill insights from data and connect disparate ideas into cohesive, well-grounded recommendations using creative, structured and analytical thinking. Architect, develop and automate data and analytics solutions, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale.  Build relationships and collaborate with teammates and HR clients to solve organizational problems and empower organizations with high quality data.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Economics, Statistics, Finance, Social Science, Psychology, or related field (i.e. Mathematics, Engineering), or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of HR or other relevant experience.  Experience working with SQL, Python or other data/scripting language. Experience building and maintaining solutions to collect, store, and organize data to address client needs.  Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience turning raw data into meaningful metrics, recommendations for improvements, and action.  Experience using quantitative and qualitative analytical strategies and working with multiple data sources to generate insights from analyses, answer questions or create solutions.  Experience collaborating on projects involving multiple teams, managing an ongoing relationship with client, and presenting to audiences.  Experience using data visualization (e.g. tables, charts, graphs). Experience with conducting research using basic statistics (e.g. correlations, t-tests, regressions).  Experience forming testable statements generated from inductive reasoning that can be verified via statistical and analytical means.  Project management skills and high attention to detail. Demonstrated ability to operate with confidentiality and commitment to produce high quality work.  Google engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. As a member of an extraordinarily creative, motivated and talented team, you develop new products that are used by millions of people. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to take on new problems as we continue to push technology forward. If you get excited about building new things and aren't daunted by the challenge of building something from scratch, then our team might be your next career step.  Soli is a new pico radar for touchless interaction and environmental awareness. With Soli our goal is to create a new interaction method, based on the natural understanding that people have of spatial relations, body language and gesticulation.  In this role, you will proactively learn about and explore the unique qualities of Soli sensor signals, and convert them into user-facing features, while working with team members from a variety of backgrounds, including design, machine learning, software and hardware.  One of the driving forces of innovation at Google is our Advanced Technologies and Projects (ATAP) team. ATAP is a fast-paced, solution-oriented group developing and executing projects at the point where emerging science/technology trends meet consumer needs, products and services. Googlers working on ATAP projects will create demonstrations and user experiences that appear magical, simple and wondrous—and deliver at lightning speeds.  Responsibilities  Develop algorithms that convert low-level sensor signals into semantic information.  Evaluate the performance of the algorithms and applications in data driven approaches.  Develop application prototypes.  Work with the design team to fine-tune interactions and the behavior of UI components (e.g. motion behaviors, transitions, etc).  Develop different types of prototypes to support user studies, across the entire development cycle: from early explorations to product release.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience using C/C++ and /or Java. 5 years of professional (or equivalent) experience in developing interactive systems.  3 years of software rapid prototyping experience with prototyping environments (e.g. OpenFrameworks, etc).  A portfolio of work examples demonstrating a range of approaches in developing/designing user-facing features.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s degree or PhD in Human-Computer Interaction or a related field.  Experience in Android application development.  Experience with signal processing and or machine learning with real-time sensor stream.  Interaction design experience and skills.  The Business Strategy &amp; Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.  As a Data Engineer and Curator for Nest, you will architect the datasets that drive key decisions at Nest. You'll lead end-to-end data projects to deliver scalable, usable, and accurate data into the hands of analysts and decision makers. You will also actively collaborate with stakeholders across the business to understand key opportunities and design solutions.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Design, maintain, and deliver uninterrupted data to business and product analysts.  Keep a close pulse on the current and future needs of the business to scale data and reporting solutions that meet those needs.  Discover and implement new ways to continuously improve data infrastructure and reporting capabilities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Analytics or related field, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience building ETLs and managing databases.  Experience with Git and basic shell scripting.  Development experience on ETL tooling in a scripting language such as Python.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Analytics or related field.  2 years of experience working with Big Data frameworks (BigQuery, Hive), and working directly with business or product analysts.  Experience working with data visualization tools and experience working with machine learning models deployed in business settings.  Knowledge of distributed systems concepts, problems and solutions.  Ability to efficiently troubleshoot data quality and integrity problem.  Detail oriented, and the ability to create concise documentation for a wide range of technical and non-technical stakeholders.  This is a highly cross-functional role. Your work will span long and short range demand planning, supply planning, transportation, inventory, orders and fulfillment for B2B, B2C, and internal customers, and the automation of important metrics that monitor our business.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information—hardware. Our Consumer Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Consumer Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Develop expertise in Hardware Supply Chain sources of data, especially from our data warehouse. Along with our Business Systems teams, lead the importation and curation of new data sources to help expand the reach of systems and tools that run our business.  Build exceptional visibility and process automation tools that provide business users with reliable decision-critical information, and enable efficiencies that reduce or eliminate manual tasks.  Perform detailed analysis to define and evaluate requirements and turn ambiguous data/reporting requirements into projects. Communicate findings, designs and timelines to a diverse audience.  Study our supply and fulfillment processes and by working business users and drawing on your own expertise, identifying opportunities for process improvement. Combine these objectives with your understanding of our business data models, and deliver tools that delight our demand and supply planners, sales order managers, transportation teams, inventory analysts, etc., and enable robust and scalable tools to enhance the business.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, or related field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience with Advanced SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition and schema design.  Experience in at least one Data Visualization tool (Tableau, Google Dashboards, etc.).  Experience with project management and operations/supply chain processes.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience managing complicated project plans and working with diverse set of senior stakeholders on requirements, roles and responsibilities, project timelines.  Experience working with ERP systems (NetSuite, Oracle).  Familiarity with Javascript, Apps Script, or similar language.  Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.  Excellent written/verbal communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to technical and non-technical audiences.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As a Solutions Consultant, you will partner with customers integrating Google's Job Discovery service (API) and other data services. Externally, you’ll understand the business and technical contexts of these customer organization to help drive technical and business change. Internally, you'll work closely with our Engineering, Partnerships, Product and Data Science teams to ensure these API customers have the best experience with our APIs and are ultimately more successful as a business from their integration of the API, and their relationship with Google.  In a typical week, you may onboard a new API customers (both business and technical stakeholders) via video chat or in-person, check-in with existing customers to see how our technology is impacting their business, and guide internal Engineers and Technical Solutions Consultants to challenges to be resolved and documentation to be improved.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Drive customers’ business improvement through adoption of technical products.  Lead onboarding sessions with partners via video conference or in-person to provide an overview of our APIs and how they should be used; understand partner business goals and where our APIs intersect, and how the partners will be assessing a successful partnership.  Escalate technical support and troubleshooting requests to the Technical Solutions Consultants you work with every day.  Bring the perspective of customers’ business needs and use cases, as our greater team maintains educational content, such as API documentation, tutorials, guides and inspirational sample applications.  Understand - and advocate for - partner feedback and use cases, and collaborate with Product and Engineering teams to prioritize and ensure timely follow-through - and elegant design - of new features and improved functionality.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience in a customer-facing role managing technical product adoption within enterprises.     Preferred qualifications:   3 years of experience in Product Management, Software Engineering or a similar technical role.  Experience designing and coding web and/or mobile cloud applications using JavaScript, HTML, JSON, AJAX, etc. Experience managing the full lifecycle from conception and requirements gathering to development to deployment.  Experience with web technologies, and API and systems design.  Understanding of technical concepts, such as search, databases, servers, SQL, etc.  Knowledge of API partner/channel programs, API partner relationship management, support organization ticketing and management, business intelligence and analysis.  Effective problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to evolve business and product strategy based on research, data and industry.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  As a Business Analyst, you will gather, assess, and manage data about every part of Google’s hardware supply chain, and transform it into insights, analysis and reporting. You are comfortable working with data and have the ability to analyse complex details of data formatting, query massaging and bulletproofing pipelines. You’re also a self-driven performer and you thrive on creating structure and value out of complex and ambiguous technical challenges with little guidance.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Work with non-technical business users to understand their analytical needs, document and prioritize requirements, and to help them effectively use the data and analytical tools that the team has developed.  Design, develop and support data warehouses, dashboards, data pipelines and reporting tools for operational and business impact data. Design and enforce access control for all the data.  Work with business stakeholders and engineer teams to validate data, identify gaps and contribute in changes in business processes and data pipelines to fix data gaps.  Develop visualization based on user needs on Google dashboards or Tableau.  Manage projects and drive analytical projects end to end. Write and review technical documents, including requirements, schemas, design documents for existing and future data systems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree with an emphasis on quantitative or technical work (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working with and developing for non-technical users (defining requirements, explaining technical concepts to non-technical business users, etc.).  Experience in SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition and schema design. Experience designing data models and data warehouses, writing and maintaining ETLs which operate on structured and unstructured sources.  Experience in one or more visualization tools (e.g. Tableau), gathering reporting and analytics requirements from stakeholders.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with Unix or GNU/Linux systems, including shell scripting.  Familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C++, Ruby, etc.). Understanding of fundamental computing concepts including data structures and algorithms (including trees, graphs, file formats, algorithmic complexity).  Proficiency in a language for statistical computing (e.g. R, SAS, Stata etc).  Ability to prioritize multiple conflicting priorities while driving towards pragmatic decisions/actions.  Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  In this role, you will work on core algorithms in the Android camera platform to fundamentally improve the photography and cinematography experience. This covers both the improvements of the image quality and creating new computational photography features. You will develop the end-to-end solution, including algorithm design, implementation, quality evaluation, performance optimization to the final deployment.  You will work with software engineers, hardware engineers, researchers, and image scientists across the Google to push the performance of the modern mobile imaging system, commercialize new features, and develop the architecture for the future products. You will demonstrate leadership in driving the project forward.  Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.  Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.  Responsibilities  Develop the new algorithms to improve the image/video quality (SNR, color reproduction, stabilization, facial enhancements) or enable new photography features.  Optimize and integrate the solution into Google products.  Collaborate hardware to design the pipeline architecture to enable new features.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Masters degree and 4 years of experience, or PhD in EE/CS.  Experience in computer vision/machine learning, image processing, or computer graphics  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience in computational photography algorithm or ISP (3A and image restoration/enhancement algorithms) development.  Experience in GPU or Halide programming.  Experience in color science or subjective image quality assessment.  Excellent communication skills.  Google's brand is only as strong as our users' trust--and their steadfast belief that our guiding principles are what's best for them. Our Trust and Safety team has the critical responsibility of protecting Google's users by ensuring online safety by fighting web abuse and fraud across Google products. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic leader. You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google developers and Product Managers to navigate challenging online safety situations and handle abuse and fraud cases at Google speed (read: fast!). Help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all.    As a Trust and Safety Strategist, you are responsible for protecting the integrity of some of Google's key products, including Google Search, Google Maps, AdWords, Adsense, Google Checkout and Google Product Search. You investigate financial fraud, account-related abuse, questionable business practices, violations of Google's policies, and general misuse of our products. You are introduced to dynamic analytical techniques and you leverage custom-built technology to have a direct impact on improving the experience of millions of Google users. You subscribe to a "user-first" philosophy and are interested in improving Google's user experience and product integrity. You are comfortable navigating ambiguity and thrive in a fast-paced environment. You harness your analytical and technical skills to drive tool development and process improvements.  At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Gaining and retaining this trust is critically important to Google’s success. We defend Google's integrity by fighting spam, fraud and abuse, and develop and communicate state-of-the-art product policies. The Trust and Safety team reduces risk and protects the experience of our users and business partners in more than 40 languages and across Google's expanding base of products. We work with a variety of teams from Engineering to Legal, Public Policy and Sales Engineering to set policies and combat fraud and abuse in a scalable way, often with an eye to finding industry-wide solutions. Trust and Safety team members are motivated to find innovative solutions, and use technical know-how, user insights and proactive communication to pursue the highest possible quality and safety standards for users across Google products.  Responsibilities  Perform statistical analyses on huge data sets to determine trends and develop business insights in order to protect Google’s users.  Utilize machine learning to scale, and optimize and automate our abuse fighting efforts.  Assist with designing and building infrastructure to facilitate analysis and experimentation.  Develop metrics for measuring and understanding Google’s effectiveness at combating fraud. Conduct investigations into sophisticated forms of abuse, take action on fraudsters and close attack vectors.  Translate business needs into data modeling initiatives and work with engineers to put predictive models into production.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Social Sciences, related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of relevant full time work experience.   Programming experience in one of the following languages:  Python, C++ or Java.     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Social Sciences or related field.  Experience with cyber security. g common and unknown computer risks.  Experience with machine learning, data mining, or building statistical methods.  Ability to thrive in a fun, collaborative and fast-paced environment.  Research Scientists at Google work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with researchers at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new learning algorithms, Research Scientists work on challenges in machine perception, data mining, machine learning, and natural language understanding. As a Google Research Scientist, you will continue to be an active contributor to the wider research community by collaborating with academic researchers and by publishing papers.  Researchers on the Google Brain team have the freedom to set their research agenda and to engage as much or as little as they wish with existing products, choosing between doing more basic, methodological research or more applied research as necessary to produce the most compelling results. Because many of the advances we develop today may take years to become useful, the team as a whole maintains a portfolio of projects across this spectrum. It is our philosophy that making substantive progress on hard applications can help drive and sharpen the research questions we study, and in turn scientific breakthroughs can spawn entirely new applications.  The Google Brain team’s research focuses on methods that can learn multiple layers of rich, non-linear feature extractors and can scale to large amounts of data. Much of our work is best understood as part of the deep learning subfield of machine learning, but we are interested in any methods capable of efficient and effective feature learning that get good results on challenging problems. We have resources and access to projects impossible to find elsewhere. Our broad and fundamental research goals allow us to collaborate closely with and–contribute uniquely to–many different product teams across the company.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence)   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Python  Contributions to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers in machine learning venues (e.g: JMLR, ICLR, NIPS, ICML, ACL and CVPR)     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab  Strong publication record  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.    With your technical expertise, you build business applications and influence the design of features that improve the reliability of our applications and systems. You also define the scope of technical projects and oversee execution.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Partner with internal teams to define and implement solutions that improve internal business processes. Integrate third party products into SAP as well as support and upgrade implemented systems.  Develop, build and deploy applications using SAP platforms and technologies.  Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions.   Maintain highest levels of development practices including:  technical design, solution development, systems configuration, test documentation/execution, issue identification and resolution, writing clean, modular and self-sustaining code.  Architect innovative solutions to automate and scale business systems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience implementing and customizing vendor software and/or building custom financial applications through full system implementation life-cycles (analyze, design, build, test, implement, support).   Experience with one or more functional areas:  Treasury, Procure to Pay, Supply chain, Logistics, IT Asset Management.  Experience with SAP S4/HANA modules, SAP ABAP development platform and Web-app Software Development.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience working with systems that handle financial data.  Experience implementing/customizing SAP Treasury management application.  Experience with Java, JavaScript, HTML5, and SAP technologies like SAP HANA, SAP Fiori, Netweaver.  Solid understanding of information management, data modeling, system integration, development methodologies (including unit testing).  We do research differently here at Google. Our team of Research Scientists aren't cloistered in a secret lab but are embedded throughout the engineering organization, allowing them to setup large-scale tests and deploy promising ideas quickly and broadly. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists work on real-world problems including artificial intelligence, data mining, natural language processing, hardware and software performance analysis, improving compilers for mobile platforms, as well as core search and much more. But you stay connected to your research roots as an active contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.    You manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables, adapting to changes and setbacks in order to manage pressures, demonstrating and applying theories through research efforts to develop new and improved products, processes, or technologies.  As a Research Scientist on the Google Cloud AI and Machine Learning (ML) team, you will be working on innovating and delivering the most advanced machine learning techniques to impact the world via Google Cloud. You’ll have the opportunity to collaborate with the best AI talents in the company, both inside cloud as well as Google Research, DeepMind and other organizations. Our quest: To democratize AI for everyone and every business. Your research could make a huge difference to many verticals: Ecommerce, Transportation, Healthcare, Finance, Content/Entertainment, Energy, and more.  The goal of Cloud ML is to innovate and deliver the best AI tech to impact the world via Google Cloud. We're developing Cloud ML on Google Cloud Platform, in close partnership with a number of teams across the company. Cloud is one place where data, computing and algorithms converge.  There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting-edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience contributing to research communities and/or efforts, including publications at conferences (such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, NIPS, ICML, ICLR, etc.), citations, etc.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Python.     Preferred qualifications:   Large Scale Machine Learning experience.  GPU programming experience.  Real world problem solving skills and experience.  Exposure to Deep Learning, Neural Networks, or related fields and a strong interest and desire to pursue them.  Have an imagination, ambition, and intense curiosity. Be innovative. Skilled in communication.  Google's brand is only as strong as our users' trust--and their steadfast belief that our guiding principles are what's best for them. Our Trust and Safety team has the critical responsibility of protecting Google's users by ensuring online safety by fighting web abuse and fraud across Google products like Search, Maps, AdWords and AdSense. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic leader. You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google developers and Product Managers to navigate challenging online safety situations and handle abuse and fraud cases at Google speed (read: fast!). Help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all.  As a Policy Analyst, you will work as part of a global team with a dynamic set of responsibilities, collaborating with a wide range of stakeholders in multiple locations. Interacting with technology, product, legal, and business development teams, you will enforce the Google Search network for compliance with our ad policies across Google’s partner network at site and account levels. You have technical skills, proven analytical abilities, interest in the role, and an insatiable passion for latest developments in the online industry to properly defend the Search network from abuse. You have executive communication and stakeholder management skills. You are able to work independently on complex, time sensitive problems through a focused and conscientious approach identifying issues in the fine print and working diligently to help Google solve any policy problems.  At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Gaining and retaining this trust is critically important to Google’s success. We defend Google's integrity by fighting spam, fraud and abuse, and develop and communicate state-of-the-art product policies. The Trust and Safety team reduces risk and protects the experience of our users and business partners in more than 40 languages and across Google's expanding base of products. We work with a variety of teams from Engineering to Legal, Public Policy and Sales Engineering to set policies and combat fraud and abuse in a scalable way, often with an eye to finding industry-wide solutions. Trust and Safety team members are motivated to find innovative solutions, and use technical know-how, user insights and proactive communication to pursue the highest possible quality and safety standards for users across Google products.  Responsibilities  Analyze policy trends, identify new flags to spot abuse and work directly with other members of your team to prevent complex abuse issues; enhance our operational workflows via process improvements.  Identify and develop solutions for scalable enforcement on non-compliant publisher inventory; present a unified enforcement experience to external publishers and support internal sales teams.  Conduct complex data analyses and identify opportunities/sources for new signals, automation, and workflow improvements, then driving the utilization of these new signals to completion.  Drive solutions through analysis and/or cross-functional partnership; mentor and provide guidance to team members.  Lead cross-functional projects to push for policy changes and close possible product flaws that make Google products susceptible for abuse; manage projects through the full lifecycle and responsibilities effectively across multiple product areas.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Law or related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of related work experience.     Preferred qualifications:   Proficiency in querying languages (MySQL, Dremel, etc.) and database structures. Experience with coding and scripting (Python, C++, Java, R, etc.).  Comfortable making tough decisions, balancing competing interests with stakeholders and using creative problems solving skills in a fast-paced environment.  Exceptional stakeholder management and collaboration skills in a cross-functional team environment across multiple locations; excellent written and oral business communication skills.  Ability to work independently and complete projects from beginning to end and in a timely manner.  Ability to navigate and influence cross-team stakeholders; mentorship and leadership skills.  Understanding of how the Internet works economically, socially, and technically with interest in innovation, technology and Google products; expert in fraud investigations, fraud risk management, Internet advertising, or e-commerce.  We believe there are many problems in the world in which robotics could play a significant role in making it easier, faster and safer for people to get things done. We’re looking for roboticists, designers, hardware and software engineers to help us explore these possibilities, develop breakthrough technologies, and build new products that could help millions of people.  As a Roboticist Software Engineer, you have strong C/C++ skills and an interest in Machine Learning. You are excited about making robots significantly more capable than they are today at performing useful tasks in real environments. In a team of software engineers, roboticists, and control engineers, you will develop systems to allow robots manipulate the environment and learn new tasks easily.  X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world-changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x].  Responsibilities  Work with experts in the field of Machine Learning and perception.  Advance the state of the art in getting robots to manipulate their environment and perform everyday tasks.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Master's degree in Robotics, Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience programming in C++.  Experience in hands-on robotics research.  Experience in data structures and algorithms.     Preferred qualifications:   PhD in Robotics, Computer Science or equivalent field.  Experience with field robotics and systems design.  Experience with robust, safety-critical, efficient code.  Experience in machine learning.  Internal Audit‘s mission is to protect and enable growth across Alphabet, Google and our Bets with objective, practical insights. We do this by monitoring the risk environment across Alphabet and providing insights to enable effective risk management. We work closely with teams and leadership to achieve a strong control environment that enhances and protects organizational value. We serve as one of the company’s various lines of defense for staffing and developing our team to be control experts who deliver objective and reliable results. As a member of the team, you’ll advise the business and engineering groups to identify areas of risk and make valuable recommendations on controls. You’ll have the opportunity to influence change and decisions for business initiatives including product launches and system implementations. You enjoy working in a dynamic environment, are passionate about technology and are able to focus on key issues and the details that come with it.  The name Google came from "googol," a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros. And nobody at Google loves big numbers like the Finance team when providing in depth analysis on all manner of strategic decisions across Google products. From developing forward-thinking analysis to generating management reports to scaling our automated financial processes, the Finance organization is an important partner and advisor to the business.  Responsibilities  Drive innovation through harnessing the power of data to fundamentally change how Internal Audit functions as an organization and to provide broader risk coverage.  Conceive and lead analyses of financial and operational data, build custom ETLs, data visualizations and develop repeatable methods to ensure consistent results and scalability.  Analyze complex datasets for a variety of patterns including fraud, brand risk, control breakdown and regulatory non-compliance; succinctly convey the findings from your work to management.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Business, Computer Science, Management Information Systems or related field, or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of relevant work experience or 2 years of experience and MBA  Experience building large-scale datasets, ETLs and reporting solutions.     Preferred qualifications:   Analytical skills including - modeling, financial analysis, working with large datasets, as well as basic probability and statistics; working knowledge of implementing machine learning models.  Proficiency in Python and SQL or capability to learn quickly based on experience; knowledge of commercial and emerging reporting tools and technologies (e.g. Tableau, Pentaho, QlikView).  Ability to manage and coordinate multiple project assignments simultaneously in a deadline-driven environment, accepting ownership and accountability of the process and delivering on commitments.  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and navigate through ambiguity.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to work with a wide variety of departments.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.  Data Works is a cross-functional team that develops and implements data management frameworks, solutions, and processes across internal and 3rd party systems. The Data Works team has a diverse set of technical challenges, including managing large volumes of corporate, enabling data discovery and security, mastering and integrating disparate datasets, and delivering to our business partners a clean, secure data marketplace for reporting and advanced analytics.  Due to the central role of the team, we interface with numerous Engineering and Product teams. Given the nature of our work, we need to deliver solutions across infrastructures, as well as third-party Master Data Management SaaS solutions which require extensive tool configuration, integration via ETL and APIs, end user tools, and reporting and analytics.  In this role you will work closely with Engineering, Business and Product partner teams and leadership across functions to define strategies, align project priorities, and coordinate schedules. You will enable extended team effectiveness and productivity by providing insight, plans, and process to execute highly cross-functional projects at scale. Your technical skills will be very handy. You will be interacting with various teams, communicating, coordinating and driving things forward and, in the process, will gain a broad view of the internals of data management.  You have a passion for data and can lead programs through this exciting journey.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Work with Product and Engineering Leadership to define vision and roadmaps to develop and implement data management frameworks and solutions.  Manage multiple interdependent projects of moderate to high complexity and scope. Manage all aspects of program deliverables including agile and long term planning, and resource oversight.  Use technical judgment to challenge proposals and develop recommendations that translate into an effective course of action.  Lead projects that help scale the group, implement best practices, improve methodology, and increase effectiveness of cross-functional project delivery.  Play a key role in improving operational efficiencies through system automation and process improvements.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or related fields or equivalent practical experience.  15 years of relevant industry experience.  Experience leading cross-functional, multi-team software programs and 3rd party implementations.  Experience communicating across a variety of functions (e.g. Engineering, Business, Product Management) at various levels.     Preferred qualifications:   MS degree and 10 years of experience with transactional and analytical data management solutions.  Experience in implementations of 3rd party SaaS tools, ERPs, CRM, and other complex solutions.  Data centric skills and focus, e.g. master data management, data analysis, data quality, data integration, data governance, analytics, etc.  Strong track record of KPI management and delivery.  Comfortable navigating ambiguity.  Ability to think strategically and balance a broad range of internal and external factors when identifying problems, proposing solutions, and making decisions.  In our User Experience (UX) teams, UX Researchers partner with Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, and Googlers across the company to improve the user experience and drive product excellence. Quantitative UX Researchers conduct empirical research using methods from computer science, quantitative social science, statistics, econometrics, and other fields to understand user behavior and extract meaningful patterns from large data sets.  In this role, you'll combine skills in experimental design, statistical analysis, programming, and human-computer interaction to improve user experience. As a key member of a product team, you work with stakeholders across functions and levels. You solve challenging problems and empower the team to move forward by developing metrics, measuring results, and integrating new methodologies into existing systems. You'll do more than just crunch numbers though: through reports and team engagement, you'll provide a UX perspective on quantitative data to help stakeholders understand their users.  Coming up with solutions is only one part of your job. Equally important is to identify and quantify problems, and to embark on new research areas worth exploring through innovative methods. As such, you'll apply principles of rigorous and ethical research to build and improve products in order to satisfy users' needs and exceeding their expectations.  User experience (UX) is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users’ needs, behaviors, and emotions to yield insights that inform product strategy and guide the design of the experiences we create. Our multidisciplinary UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and performance. We collaborate closely with product managers, software engineers, and many others to solve complex challenges and craft powerful experiences that highlight our products’ unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Google’s philosophy: “Focus on the user and all else will follow.”  Responsibilities  Define and measure quantitative UX goals and metrics in collaboration with Designers, Qualitative Researchers, Engineers and Program Managers.  Examine existing data and product designs to generate hypotheses and plans for high-impact research.  Prioritize and drive research to improve user experience.  Develop code and statistical models to understand user experience.  Drive change by communicating findings to stakeholders in the company. Make research findings convincing and actionable for both research experts and non-experts.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Statistics, Psychology or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in an applied research setting.  Experience in a programming language commonly used for data manipulation and computational statistics (such as Python, R, Matlab, C++, Java or Go), and with SQL.     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, Statistics or a related field.  5 years of relevant work experience with User Experience or Human-Computer Interaction teams.  Demonstrated expertise in multivariate statistics and the design of experiments.  Proficiency in programming computational and statistical algorithms for large data sets.  Excellent command of research questions within a given domain, and of technical tools for the analysis of data within that field.  The Hardware Customer Care team engages with dedicated customers across the globe through our online resources and communities, social outreach, and 1:1 care. We represent the voice of the consumer and work closely with cross-functional partners across Google to make our products and policies better. We're looking for people with excellent analytical and communication skills who are passionate about the consumer and helping them get the most out of Google.  As a ground-floor member of data services team within business systems for the Hardware Support Operations team, you will gather, assess, and manage data about every part of Google’s support operations and transform it into strategic insights, analysis, and reporting. As a Data Analyst, you’ll be working hands-on with Product, Support, User Voice/Feedback and Operations data, shaping discussions on relevant metrics and data signals to define an excellent user support experience.  Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.  Responsibilities  Work on data modeling, metric development, data prototyping, insights generation and recommendations using data mining and statistical techniques (going beyond traditional business intelligence) to drive User Support Experience.  Work with operations, product, engineering and support teams and help shape business objectives and prioritization using a well thought, methodical, data-driven approach.  Resolve ambiguous issues and find the insights that drive operational, support and product excellence.  Focus on results, be a self-starter and demonstrate success in using analytics to drive the understanding, progression and excellence in product and operations.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree with an emphasis on quantitative or technical work (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition and schema design. Experience designing data models and data warehouses, writing and maintaining ETLs which operate on structured and unstructured sources.  Experience working with and developing for non-technical users (defining requirements, explaining technical concepts to non-technical business users, etc.).  Experience in one or more visualization tools such as Tableau. Experience gathering reporting and analytics requirements from stakeholders, deriving business insights, and evaluating the impact of business decisions.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with Unix or GNU/Linux systems including shell scripting.  Familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C++, Ruby, etc.). Understanding of fundamental computing concepts including data structures and algorithms (including trees, graphs, file formats, algorithmic complexity).  Proficiency in a language for statistical computing (R, SAS, Stata).  Ability to prioritize multiple conflicting priorities while driving towards pragmatic decisions/actions.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience.  Research in machine intelligence has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google Research &amp; Machine Intelligence teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning (including Deep Learning approaches like Google Brain) and Natural Language Understanding.  We’ve already been joined by some of the best minds, and we’re looking for talented Research Scientists that have applied experience in the fields of Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Machine Intelligence to join our team.  We do research differently here at Google. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in machine perception, data mining, machine learning, and natural language understanding. You stay connected to your research roots as an active contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and Research and Machine Intelligence teams have a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.   Programming experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++ and/or Python.  Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Contribution to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including experience working within the industry or as a researcher in a lab.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Strong publication record.  Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. As an Analyst, you’ll use your technical expertise, business acumen and client relations skills to help our team find and develop the best talent in the world. Whether it’s forecasting hiring needs, developing tools to automate HR systems or analyzing the impact of one of our staffing programs, your work will be crucial in ensuring that we make intelligent, data-driven decisions. You’ll work in close partnership with the staffing and operations management teams to lead action-oriented analyses and provide regular weekly and monthly reports on performance and trends. Projects might include applying statistical techniques to make hiring projections for a specific function or role, using supply chain techniques to provide forward looking insight into our candidate pipeline or developing models to build our global resource planning model. Above all else, you’ll focus on ensuring that our organization is well-informed and able to make our people-related processes and systems better, faster and more user-friendly.  As an Operations Strategy Analyst, you’ll play an important role in helping our People Services Operations team ensure that Googlers and future Googlers have a magical experience from before they’re hired to their first day on the job and throughout their career in Google. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast-paced environment to deliver operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across multiple countries.  Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Structure and perform analyses independently, and conduct research to uncover the insights that support our recommendations.  Develop value-add analysis and partner with Operations leadership to define and analyze key success metrics, measure efficiency, and inform the best possible business decisions.  Prioritize and work effectively in an environment with competing demands.  Understand the Google People Services Operationss and People Operations process landscape to identify opportunities to improve processes to ensure a magical Googler experience.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Mathematics, Business Administration, Computer Science, Finance, Statistics, related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of industry experience.  Experience in management consulting or business strategy with work experience as an analyst or in an analytical role.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience programming with R, Python, SQL, etc.  Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with capability to process large amounts of data to drive business strategies and decisions.  Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured and fast-paced environment. Comfortable dealing with ambiguity.  Excellent communications skills and solutions and client service-oriented, with an emphasis on creativity and diligence.  Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end.  As a Quantitative Marketing Analyst, you'll evaluate and help to measure impact of marketing initiatives across integrated campaigns, global partnerships and growth marketing. You will collaborate with a multidisciplinary team of global marketing, product management, analytics and engineering teams to tap into the underlying data, align on key metrics/methodologies and generate insights to drive user growth.  Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.  Responsibilities  Work with large, complex data sets across multiple products. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables and presentations.  Build and prototype analysis pipelines to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and business strategy.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with global marketing, product management, analytics, and engineers to identify opportunities for improvements to Google products.  Produce presentations and business recommendations (senior executives, global marketers, product) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders.  Execute with limited guidance and proactively take initiative to kick off work streams and projects.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline (Data Science, Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering) or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of work experience in data analysis and business application.  Experience with Python, R, SQL, Hadoop, and other relevant tools to manipulate and analyze big data.  Experience presenting data analysis and insights to key stakeholders.     Preferred qualifications:   4 years of relevant work experience in data analysis and business application.  Ability to understand the details of a problem while at the same time understanding the strategic view.  Ability to influence at all levels and work effectively across functions and geographies.  Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research.  We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers.  There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications.  Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship.  Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence).  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python.  Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.     Preferred qualifications:   Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.  Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc.  Ability to design and execute on research agenda.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.  Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.   Experience working with two or more from the following:  web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.  Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.     Preferred qualifications:   Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience developing accessible technologies.  Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  At Google, data drives all of our decision-making, and our HR organization is no exception. The People Analytics team acts as an internal innovation lab, using analytical approaches to make sure Google continues to be a great place to work. The team provides critical support to the business around issues of organizational health and is responsible for not just taking the pulse of our Googlers, but harnessing Googler feedback to drive change for the better. As an analyst you'll be detail-oriented and conscientious, analytical and curious. You're a strong problem-solver, who uses both quantitative and qualitative methods to get things done. And on top of it all, you're someone who wonders "What if?" and then seeks out the solution.  As a People Analyst, you will play an important role in helping our global HR team address the POps (People Operations) related data and analytical needs of their teams and clients across the globe. You will serve as the single interface to People Partners to provide analytical answers to their questions about people and organizations. Your knowledge of people data and business context will enable you to provide action-oriented analyses to ensure our HR organization, and their clients, are well-informed and able to make thoughtful, data-driven decisions.  Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.  Responsibilities  Build strong relationships and collaborate with teammates, business leaders, HR clients, and HR application engineers to solve organizational problems and empower organizations with high quality data.  Architect, develop and automate data and analytics solutions, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale.  Manipulate and analyze large data sets to distill insights from data and connect disparate ideas into cohesive, well-grounded recommendations using creative, structured and analytical thinking. Create effective, scalable, and easy to understand reporting solutions (e.g. dashboards).  Use analytical reasoning to identify problems and develop hypotheses, often recommending a data product that addresses client’s/stakeholder’s needs.  Prioritize work to manage multiple workstreams, high pressure situations, and new information.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Economics, Statistics, Finance, Social Science, Psychology, or any related fields (i.e. Mathematics, Engineering), or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience working with senior executives in client-facing, consulting role  Experience using SQL, Python or other data or scripting language. Experience building and maintaining a solution to collect, store, and organize data to address client needs.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience collaborating on projects involving multiple teams, managing an ongoing relationship with client, and presenting to audiences.  Experience using quantitative and qualitative analytical strategies and working with multiple data sources to generate insights from analyses, answering questions or creating solutions, and manipulating data to measure the effectiveness of programs, interventions, and efforts for an organization.  Experience using data visualization (e.g., tables, charts, graphs); Experience with conducting research using basic statistics (e.g., correlations, t-tests, regressions).  Experience forming testable statements generated from inductive reasoning that can be verified via statistical and analytical means.  Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured environment, and comfortable dealing with ambiguity.  Excellent communications skills and solutions, and client service-oriented with an emphasis on creativity and diligence.  Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  You have experience in lower-level computer systems, computer architecture, embedded systems and kernel development. Areas of development may include BIOS, Linux kernel, device drivers, embedded firmware, performance tuning, debugging tools, tests and release management.  As an Embedded Software Engineer at Google, you will have the opportunity to pioneer, develop and build out our footprint in consumer hardware/software. You will design and develop the fastest fiber optic internet and data center networks, engineer and build products that contribute to the Android-Chrome ecosystem, and help develop new technology tools for physicians that can integrate easily into daily life and help transform the detection, prevention and management of disease. You will build and launch smart wearables and other related products in line with Google's ambitious and visionary objectives, and lay the low-level groundwork for moonshots across the company!  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.  Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or relevant technical field or equivalent practical experience  1 year of relevant work experience.  Development experience within embedded systems/firmware design.  Experience coding in C/C++     Preferred qualifications:   MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field  Experience with audio and video processing or DSP, including but not limited to AV synchronization, Open GL/CL, codecs, AV/Media, or speech/audio recognition and synthesis.  Knowledge of Unix/Linux environments and kernel development.   Knowledge of one or more of the following:  Microcontrollers, SoC, device drivers, hardware bringup, power management, ARM processors, performance optimization, file systems, bootloading, firmware, x86 assembly, system BIOS or hardware/software integration.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  As the Global Data and Analytics Practice Lead, you will be responsible for creating Professional Service’s (PSO) roadmap, designing and building new solutions, market testing, and scaling all offerings relating to Google Cloud Platform’s (GCP) data and analytics tools and services. As part of scaling, you will work with both our field PSO teams as well as coordinate rollout and enablement of our broader partner ecosystem. You will serve as the focal point and conduit between PSO and the broader Product Management and Engineering teams.  To be successful in this role, you love cloud technology, enjoy working with technical teams on the newest and most significant problems, have strong organization skills, and are a knowledge leader in the cloud Big Data space. Finally, you possess a strong entrepreneurial drive and passion for customer success.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Mentor regional leads and practice members, and provide industry thought leadership through conferences, articles, videos and social media.  Drive services product roadmap for the Data and Analytics practice and be critically focused on harvesting and developing new intellectual property to accelerate services product development.  Manage and participate directly in the development of services packages, reference architectures, scripts, and templates as required.  Work cross-functionally to understand relevant product direction and inform product roadmap as the voice of the customer.  Coordinate regional field enablement with regional PSO leadership and work closely with partner organization on external enablement activities.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with data processing software (such as Hadoop, Spark, Pig, Hive) and with data processing algorithms (MapReduce, Flume). Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, C++ or similar.  Practical experience deploying large-scale cloud solutions on one or more cloud vendors.  Willingness to travel up to 30%.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working data warehouses, including data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ELT and reporting/analytic tools and environments.  Experience in technical consulting.  Experience architecting, developing software, or internet scale production-grade Big Data solutions in virtualized environments such as Google Cloud Platform.  Experience working with big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experience in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as NoSQL, MongoDB, SparkML, Tensorflow).  Global leadership experience with cross-functional teams. History of having developed professional documentation or published articles.  Excellent customer-facing communication, with the ability to work directly with customer’s executives and technical teams.  The Business Strategy &amp; Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.  The Revenue Acceleration team is a global operations team that aligns company business growth priorities with strong automation and analytics to deliver opportunities to our sellers and customers.  We are responsible for the strategy, systems, analytics and overall operations of the Recommended Opportunities program which provides valuable leads to our frontline Sales teams. This program drives growth of Google’s Ads business and positively impacts the day-to-day operations of Sales teams across the globe.  Our team is growing as we expand our program to Sales channels besides the Large Customer Sales organization. For you, this provides an excellent opportunity to step in and have an impact on new programs in addition to working on established ones.  As a Business Analyst on the Revenue Acceleration team you will be part of a small but highly effective Analytics team. You will work on delivering insights into the performance of Recommended Opportunities and provide data-driven recommendations on improving the effectiveness of the program. You will also work on quantifying the value and benefits of the program and effectively communicate it to partners and stakeholders in the Sales, Product and Engineering teams. This will directly influence program adoption and business growth for the company. Your role will require incisive analytical thinking, strong execution and teamwork across your own team and your global stakeholders. Your ability to do so successfully will drive your impact on Google’s Ads business.  The Go-to-Market Operations (GtM) team ensures Google's complex and ever-evolving Ads business runs smoothly. We are instrumental in setting go-to-market strategy, and ensuring flawless execution and operations against the strategy. We have teams embedded in each of the major Ads business areas as well as global teams that work across the business areas. Team members are analytical and strategic, with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done.  Responsibilities  Define metrics to evaluate performance of the various recommended opportunities programs managed by the team; build reporting/dashboards to track performance.  Business analyses of performance to drive insights into program health and effectiveness across products, regions and markets.  Drive program improvements through data driven recommendations and partner on cross-functional teams to implement/launch them.  Build data science/ML models to predict relevance and outcome of recommendations to improve the overall user experience.  Communicate key metrics and insights to various partners and stakeholders effectively.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Math, Economics, Engineering or related quantitative field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of relevant work experience as a business analyst or in related roles in a data environment that is business growth or sales related.  Experience working with SQL and using statistical modeling tools such as R.     Preferred qualifications:   Track record of applying quantitative decision making techniques in a business setting. Experience building predictive models.  Distinctive problem-solving and analysis skills, combined with strong business judgment.  Deep commitment to thoroughness and accuracy in analysis and reporting.  Excellent written and oral communication and interpersonal skills.  Google's brand is only as strong as our users' trust--and their steadfast belief that our guiding principles are what's best for them. Our Trust and Safety team has the critical responsibility of protecting Google's users by ensuring online safety by fighting web abuse and fraud across Google products. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic leader. You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google developers and Product Managers to navigate challenging online safety situations and handle abuse and fraud cases at Google speed (read: fast!). Help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all.    As a Trust and Safety Strategist, you are responsible for protecting the integrity of some of Google's key products, including Google Search, Google Maps, AdWords, Adsense, Google Checkout and Google Product Search. You investigate financial fraud, account-related abuse, questionable business practices, violations of Google's policies, and general misuse of our products. You are introduced to dynamic analytical techniques and you leverage custom-built technology to have a direct impact on improving the experience of millions of Google users. You subscribe to a "user-first" philosophy and are interested in improving Google's user experience and product integrity. You are comfortable navigating ambiguity and thrive in a fast-paced environment. You harness your analytical and technical skills to drive tool development and process improvements.  Your primary responsibility as a User Advocacy Research &amp; Insights Analyst is to ensure that the voices of millions of Google users are heard. You will drive innovative user and customer-facing projects focused on giving our users a world-class experience - especially as their experience pertains to safety with Google products. You will analyze user perceptions of and preferences for product policies, enforcement mechanisms, and product features for controversial content, abuse and spam. You will analyze our user support, feedback and customer service models to determine the best ways to interact and work with our users and partners when it comes to online safety. This includes leading unique quantitative and qualitative projects focused on gaining insights into user behavior and preferences in order to solve key business problems. You will design and execute structured analyses to drive actionable changes that promote user protection, communicate findings and advocate for changes with product teams.  At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Gaining and retaining this trust is critically important to Google’s success. We defend Google's integrity by fighting spam, fraud and abuse, and develop and communicate state-of-the-art product policies. The Trust and Safety team reduces risk and protects the experience of our users and business partners in more than 40 languages and across Google's expanding base of products. We work with a variety of teams from Engineering to Legal, Public Policy and Sales Engineering to set policies and combat fraud and abuse in a scalable way, often with an eye to finding industry-wide solutions. Trust and Safety team members are motivated to find innovative solutions, and use technical know-how, user insights and proactive communication to pursue the highest possible quality and safety standards for users across Google products.  Responsibilities  Represent the user voice by analyzing internal feedback data on top user issues and external research pertaining to online safety topics.  Design, develop and complete actionable, deep qualitative and quantitative research analyses to assess user preferences and biases (by product and market) and make recommendations for solutions to improve user experience and trust.  Effectively prioritize and communicate user needs, make recommendations for product or process changes, and influence various audiences.  Lead cross-functional efforts to drive impactful changes for the benefit of user experience, protection and overall user trust in Google’s products.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Social Sciences, Statistics, Human Computer Interaction or Cognitive Science, or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience in analyzing qualitative user research and quantitative user feedback and behavioral data.  5 years of experience in development and digestion of research studies and experiments, lab studies, statistical analysis, survey design, expert interviews, field research and behavioral analysis.  Experience using data to drive decision-making. Experience in project management and working with multiple stakeholders at various levels.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA or PhD degree.  Excellent influencing and negotiation skills.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Google Maps Platform helps millions of organizations and users. Our data provides accurate real-time information for mapping, navigation and places. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google Maps Platform.  You will work on a variety of exciting projects in a fast growing organization with a lot of opportunities to take on complex problems that will require you to come up with creative solutions and models. You will be working on bringing together different data sets from across Cloud and model data, to unlock actionable insights and help stakeholders formulate and answer the right business questions. You will collaborate closely with stakeholders from technical solutions, engineering, product programs, vendor operations, support operations and support experience teams.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create, design and maintain reusable datasets with appropriate architecture to deal with high level of data input complexity.  Provide analytical decision making support for key projects. Research new ways of modeling data to unlock actionable insights or improve processes.  Partner with non-technical stakeholders to understand their analytical needs, help frame the problem by asking the right questions, document and prioritize requirements.  Create dashboards and reports to surface data for different stakeholders.  Communicate results of complex technical work.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience as an analyst or in an analytical role.  Experience with designing data models and building data structures (e.g. PRDs on collecting data, cross functional work with engineers). Experience with extracting insights from data and presenting. Experience with SQL, working with multiple dataset as well experience with one data visualization tool.     Preferred qualifications:   MBA/MS/MA/PhD degree with a quantitative focus (Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, or Accounting).  Proficient with statistical data analysis (e.g. a/b tests, hypothesis testing, experiment setting, etc) and creating models to answer various business questions.  Proficiency in a language for statistical computing (e.g. R, Python/pandas, Stata, etc).  Developed oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to non-technical audiences.  The Online Partnerships Group (OPG) uses our portfolio of product solutions, including AdSense and DoubleClick tools, to help online publishers grow their businesses. You'll provide innovative, industry-leading online advertising solutions for publishers and developers and proactively identify new opportunities. Some of the largest publishers on the web rely on our products and we're always trying to exceed their expectations and strengthen our long-term partner relationships. Our team helps grow Google's business with the largest online publishers and provides account management for users of AdSense, DoubleClick and more.  The Publisher Intelligence team is a business analyst team responsible for helping OPG make the best decisions possible using data. As an analyst on the Publisher Intelligence team, you will be responsible for scoping, initiating, and delivering on analytical projects, such as modeling publisher behavior, creating complex SQL workflows, and evaluating the impact of projects and products via statistical methods. This requires not only deep analytical and modeling skills but also the ability to develop strategic recommendations based on analysis and communicate and operationalize them (often in conjunction with various other cross-functional stakeholders).  This role is not about simply grinding out numbers; it is about building new business processes based on data and models to increase efficiency and improve customer satisfaction. You will work in a collaborative role working closely with the various teams within OPG and throughout Google to drive the business decisions that will make our partners more successful.  Google was founded to organize the world’s information, and our Partnerships team was there from the start, connecting us with the world’s largest generators of online content. Google helps our partners find better ways to reach their audiences and manage their digital businesses. In return, our partners provide great content for our products, and they syndicate our Google products to enhance their sites. Our Partnerships team members expand and nurture these relationships by continually finding new opportunities and solving technical problems for our partners.  Responsibilities  Initiate, analyze, and socialize data projects in conjunction with various cross-functional stakeholders.  Manage and develop data infrastructure in order to bring order and insight to complex datasets.  Understand, analyze, and interpret trends in the market that affect the display ads business.  Communicate findings from data and analyses to senior stakeholders, influencing them to make the best decisions possible.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of work experience as a data analyst, business analyst, product analyst or consultant.  Experience managing and querying large datasets using SQL or other languages.     Preferred qualifications:   Bachelor's degree of a quantitative nature (Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Finance, etc.) or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with scripting and data analysis languages, such as Python and R.  Strong organizational and project management skills.  Excellent presentation and verbal/written communication skills.  Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge.  The Revenue Acceleration (Rev-X) team is focused on boosting the business growth of Google Cloud using quantitative programs. These programs combine state-of-the-art data science, workflow solutions and sales strategy to drive long-term customer growth and retention. The team is comprised of data science and program management functions and partners closely with engineering and sales teams.  As the Head of Data Science, you will lead the design, development, and implementation of predictive models that are productionized in our sales workflows. You will be responsible for leading a team of data scientists that leverage data to drive business results. You will combine quantitative rigor and business acumen to shape and execute the modeling strategy that drives our programmatic sales framework. You will work cross-functionally with teams across Google Cloud, get exposure and visibility to senior executives and be sought out as a trusted advisor by partner teams.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Lead a team of data scientists. Act as a thought leader by translating business needs into technical requirements and oversee the implementation of solutions.  Design an appropriate Machine Learning modeling architecture to support Google cloud business needs.  Research new ways of modeling data proactively to unlock actionable insights or improve business processes.  Partner with non-technical stakeholders to understand their analytical needs, help frame the problem by asking the right questions, and prioritize requirements. Clearly communicate results of complex technical work.  Contribute to the development of the analytical frameworks, tools, skills and culture for the team and wider organization.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.  8 years of experience leading data science projects including managing contributions of other analysts/data scientists  Experience with machine learning algorithms and libraries. Statistical modeling experience.  Experience with ETL, data mining and processing with multiple datasets using distributed computing.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience working with and developing for non-technical users (defining requirements, explaining technical concepts to non-technical business users, etc.)  Strong oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience  As a Data Scientist, you will evaluate and improve Google's products. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving consumer products, and understanding the behavior of end-users, advertisers, and publishers.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, data scientists not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.  Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products.  Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.  Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).  2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).  Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).     Preferred qualifications:   PhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications.  4 years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a statistician / computational biologist / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included.  Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.  Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.  Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.  Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.   Google Technical Services:  Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions.  As a Data Scientist you will work closely with our largest clients and produce innovative and actionable quantitative models and analyses to address the challenges of marketing effectiveness, ROI, and prediction. The Global Premium Services team is a solution-generating force that helps our sales teams and advertisers. These solutions need to be scalable to support millions of customers worldwide. In addition to troubleshooting on the customer side, we work with Sales, Product and Engineering teams within Google to develop better tools and services to improve our products based on the evolving needs of our users. As a cross-functional and global team, it's our job to help keep the lights on and the ads relevant.  Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.  Responsibilities  Lead analytics aspects of client engagements in the area of marketing effectiveness and marketing portfolio management (with deep knowledge of modeling).  Work effectively with clients to align Google Analytics 360 Suite attribution and analytic solutions with key organizational challenges and develop value-based roadmaps to solve client business issues on a continuous and repeatable basis.  Collaborate with clients to build an end-to-end machine learning framework. Engage various stakeholders, assess data readiness. Be able to scale a proof of concept to a larger solution.  Work with client and internal teams to translate data and model results into tactical and strategic insights that are clear, complete, accurate, relevant, understandable and applicable to decision making and needs for varying client audiences. Co-present to and work with clients to integrate recommendations into business processes.  Collaborate with Product/Engineering teams to increase and optimize capabilities, employing methods which create opportunities for scale, proactively helping to drive innovation.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   MS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Engineering or an Applied Science or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of quantitative analytics experience with a focus on marketing analytics, statistical modeling, machine learning, digital attribution, forecasting, optimization and/or predictive analytics.  Experience with media (paid, owned and earned).  Programming experience in Python and/or R.     Preferred qualifications:   Strong SQL and big data experience.  Proven experience delivering bespoke analytics to senior stakeholders (problem scoping/definition, modeling, interpretation, presentation).  Experience using and/or deploying digital analytics and measurement solutions.  Expert level knowledge of statistical programming languages (R/Python/Tensorflow).  Ability to visualize models and results. Ability to debug and troubleshoot code and models.  Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.  Google Express aims to revolutionize shopping by offering fast and cheap delivery of merchant products to your door. Google Express is our company's vehicle to revolutionize this space and be a principal driver of commerce. We bring home-delivery nationwide shipping from stores from various merchants across the country. The Growth team is an integral part of Google Express, responsible for driving GMV growth on the platform.  You will be part of the Growth analytics team that is responsible for identifying growth trends and assessing key growth drivers. In this role, you will deliver actionable insights to key stakeholders in Growth and cross-functional teams including Product, Marketing and Engineering to help develop and prioritize projects that lead to growth through greater customer reach, engagement and retention.  Users come first at Google. Nowhere is this more important than on our Advertising &amp; Commerce team: we believe that ads and commercial information can be highly useful to our users if, and only if, that information is relevant to what our users wish to find or do. Advertisers worldwide use AdWords to promote their products; publishers use AdSense to serve relevant ads on their website; and business around the world use our products (like Google Shopping, and Google Wallet) to support their online businesses and bring users into their offline stores. We build and maintain the platforms that have made Google what it is today, and are constantly innovating to deliver the most effective advertising and commerce opportunities of tomorrow.  Responsibilities  Identify and define the right metrics that quantify the success of product initiatives, consumer engagement and business health.  Lead analytically-driven problem-solving to develop actionable business insights and recommendations.  Drive product analytics (e.g., business cases, analytics to support Product Management/Engineering projects).  Optimize the platform (e.g., identifying opportunities based on data insights, running experiments, working with Product Management/Engineering/User Experience to define and implement optimizations).  Communicate findings and recommendations to leadership and other stakeholders.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Bachelor's degree with an emphasis on work of a quantitative nature (Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of work experience as a Growth Analyst or in an analytical role in Growth, Marketing, Product teams.  Experience with SQL, analytical tools (Tableau, Google Analytics). Experience building quantitative and statistical models in R, Python working with databases.  Experience with statistical concepts to support A/B experimentation, analysis of results and deriving statistical learnings.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's/PhD degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics).  Similar work experience at an online consumer business (e.g., e-commerce, payments).  Experience in identifying business opportunities and defining and measuring success of proposed initiatives.  Consulting or project/program management experience. Ability to handle multiple projects and assignments under time pressure.  Excellent communication skills along with the ability to manage multiple and diverse stakeholders across businesses and leadership levels.  Google's statisticians and quantitative analysts work within our Software Engineering organization, including Life Sciences, Geo, Project Aura, Technical Infrastructure, and Advertising. We analyze huge sets of data and continually run live experiments in order to help drive critical decisions at Google. Specifically, we support the development of innovative, highly scalable, next-generation technologies through deep research and advanced analysis.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Provide research on topics including Google's business model and novel search techniques.  Produce quantitative and qualitative modeling of business dynamics, user behavior, etc.  Identify areas for further investigation as well as creating innovative methods of analysis.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Currently pursuing a PhD in statistics, biostatistics, computer science, mathematics, operations research, or another discipline involving experimental design and quantitative analysis of experimental data.  Must be enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Experience using technology to work with datasets such as scripting, Python, statistical software packages (R, S-Plus, SAS or similar).     Preferred qualifications:   Expected graduation date in late 2018 or Spring/Summer of 2019.  Experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, and sampling methods.  Strong track record of developing intellectual capital such as published works.  Authorization to work in the United States.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  The Cloud Revenue Acceleration team (RevX) focuses on boosting business growth of Google Cloud using quantitative programs. These programs combine data science, workflow solutions, and sales strategy to drive long-term customer growth.  As a Data Scientist on the RevX team, you will be solving difficult and non-routine problems by applying analytical methods to achieve results. You will be responsible for processing, analyzing and interpreting large and complex data sets, with emphasis in delivering data-driven insights and solutions. You will collaborate closely with Engineers, Program Managers and other stakeholders to implement model-based solutions, measure the effectiveness of programs and drive customer growth and success.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Process large amounts of data from multiple sources and extract relevant insights.  Research new ways of modeling data for actionable insights and processes improvement.  Perform statistical analyses and build machine learning solutions to support Google Cloud business needs.  Collaborate on complex and technical work with effective communication to develop quantitative strategies.  Design agile and rigorous experiments to measure effectiveness of models, tools and programs.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Operations Research, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, etc.), or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in analyzing and modeling data sets.  Experience in applying statistical and machine learning methods to solve real-world problems.  Experience with statistical software and database languages (e.g. SQL, R, Python, MATLAB, etc.).     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with the Google Cloud Platform.  Familiarity with Machine Learning libraries (e.g. TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, Keras, Theano, Torch, etc).  Ability to draw conclusions from data and recommend actions.  Developed communication skills to translate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a cross-functional audience.  Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data-loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next.  You can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique hybrid role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of stakeholders, creating visual displays of quantitative information.  Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Help Google to focus on key decisions to improve products and services.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.)  Experience with articulating product questions, pulling data from datasets (SQL) and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS or Master's degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences)  Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and design of ETL flows  Work experience in an inter-disciplinary/cross-functional field.  Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and impeccable business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations. Strong written and verbal communication skills.  You can see different angles of a product or business opportunity, and you know how to connect the dots and interact with people in various roles and functions. You have substantial experience with analytical tools and techniques, and bring a solid skill-set in analyzing data and communicating recommendations. You will deepen your skill-set by working with analytical thought leaders across the company.  Data Scientists are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Experimentation is at the core of what you do. In this role, you will work to effectively turn business questions into data analysis, and provide meaningful recommendations on strategy. This is a unique role that will focus on your knowledge of data infrastructure and your ability to drive insights.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Conduct data analysis to make business recommendations (cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, impact analysis).  Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of stakeholders, creating visual displays of quantitative information.  Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.  Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations.  Help Google to focus on key decisions to improve products and services.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Must be enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the end of the internship.  Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature(e.g Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering , Mathematics, Data Sciences)  Experience working with statistical packages (e.g. R, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.) or experience in scripting with SQL.  Experience pulling data from datasets and using statistics to arrive at an answer.     Preferred qualifications:   Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.  Distinctive problem solving skills and good business judgment.  Capable of translating analysis results into business recommendations.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Authorization to work in the United States.  As an AI Engineer, you will contribute to Google’s innovations on the delivery of AI and Machine Learning (ML) solutions for our customers and Partners. You will design new and innovative AI and Machine Learning solutions to enable digital transformation for our customers and Partners. You will co-develop AI and Machine Learning solutions with Google Partners, including Independent Software Vendors (ISVs), SaaS vendors and System Integrators (SIs). You will maintain close partnership with Google’s Cloud AI Engineering teams to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.  In addition, you will apply your new AI solutions by working with Google’s most strategic Cloud customers. To this end you will design and implement AI and Machine Learning solutions for customers using core Google products including TensorFlow, DataFlow, and Cloud ML Engine. You will work with customers to identify opportunities to identify and apply AI and Machine Learning in their business. This involves travel to customer sites to implement solutions and deliver workshops to educate and empower customers.  Together with the team you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring and more. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  Responsibilities  Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex Machine Learning challenges.  Create and deliver best practices recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders.  Design innovative AI and Machine Learning solutions for Google customers and Partners. Deliver high quality solutions in the face of ambiguity.  Manage thought leadership and influence on AI and Machine Learning. Develop process improvements for delivery of AI and Machine Learning models.  Travel globally up to 60% of the time.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience writing software in one or more languages such as Python, Scala, R and/or similar. Experience working with data structures, algorithms and software design.  Hands-on experience building machine learning solutions.  Experience working with technical customers and senior management.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience with deep learning frameworks (such as TensorFlow, Keras, Torch, Caffe, Theano, H20, etc.)  Experience working across organizational boundaries, and relevant experience in technical consulting.  Experience working with recommendation engines, data pipelines and/or distributed Machine Learning.  Knowledge of data warehousing concepts, including data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ELT and reporting/analytic tools and environments (such as Apache Beam, Hadoop, Spark, Pig, Hive, MapReduce, Flume).  Effective leadership and influencing skills in the application of AI or Machine Learning.  At Google, data drives all of our decision-making. Quantitative Analysts work all across the organization to help shape Google's business and technical strategies by processing, analyzing and interpreting huge data sets. Using analytical rigor and statistical methods, you mine through data to identify opportunities for Google and our clients to operate more efficiently, from enhancing advertising efficacy to network infrastructure optimization to studying user behavior. As an analyst, you do more than just crunch the numbers. You work with Engineers, Product Managers, Sales Associates and Marketing teams to adjust Google's practices according to your findings. Identifying the problem is only half the job; you also figure out the solution.    As a key member of the team, you work with engineers to analyze and interpret data, develop metrics to measure results and integrate new methodologies into existing systems.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Responsibilities  Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed; Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.  Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.  Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to Google products.  Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.  Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, bioinformatics, computational biology, computer science, applied mathematics, or similar) or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of experience in data analysis or related field.  Experience with statistical software (R, S-Plus, SAS, or similar).  Experience with databases and scripting languages (such as Python).     Preferred qualifications:   1 year of relevant work experience (i.e., data scientist role), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods.  Experience with Survey Sampling.  Ability to draw conclusions from data and recommend actions.  Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.  As an Engineering Support Analytics Data Scientist, you will work on a variety of exciting projects in a fast growing organization with a lot of opportunities to handle complex problems that will require you to come up with creative solutions and models. You will be working on bringing together different data sets from across Google Cloud Platform and model data to unlock actionable insights and help stakeholders formulate and answer various business questions. You will collaborate closely with stakeholders from technical solutions engineering, product programs, vendor operations, support operations and support experience teams.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Create, design and maintain reusable datasets with appropriate architecture to deal with high level of data input complexity.  Provide analytical decision making support for key projects. Proactively research new ways of modeling data to unlock actionable insights or improve processes.  Employ predictive analytics and/or machine learning to facilitate forecasting for a fast growing, global, 24/7 support operation.  Partner with non-technical stakeholders to understand their analytical needs, help frame the problem by asking the right questions, document and prioritize requirements. Clearly communicate results of complex technical work.  Contribute to the development of the analytical frameworks, tools, skills and culture for the team and the wider organization.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   3 years of experience as an analyst or in an analytical role.  Experience designing data models and building data structures (e.g. PRDs on collecting data, cross functional work with engineers).  Experience working with SQL and multiple datasets.  Experience with statistical data analysis (a/b tests, hypothesis testing, experiment setting, etc).     Preferred qualifications:   MBA/MS/MA/PhD degree with a quantitative focus (Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, or Accounting).  Experience with advanced analytical modeling and statistical forecasting techniques.  Ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You are a Sales Engineer with excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and have a passion for how cloud technologies can transform the digital marketing industry. You have big data experience combined with knowledge and experience with digital marketing technologies such as DoubleClick, Youtube, AdWords, Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics. You will use your expertise and presentation skills to engage with customers to understand their business and technical requirements, and present practical and useful solutions on Google Cloud.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with technical Sales teams as an AdTech subject matter expert to differentiate Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features, helping customers design architectures, and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Identify and qualify business opportunities, understand key customer technical objections, and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Support the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and partner directly with product management to prioritize solutions impacting customer adoption of Google Cloud.  Work with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as needed.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with digital marketing solutions (DoubleClick, Youtube, AdWords, Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) and their application to marketing strategies.  Experience as a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience with big data analysis, interpretation and visualization of data.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field.  Experience with cloud big data analytics solutions to ingest, transform, query and visualize such as PubSub, BigQuery, Airflow, Dataprep, Dataflow, Datalab (iPython/Jupyter) or equivalent on other Cloud vendors.  Experience with Machine Learning (regression/classification, supervised/unsupervised learning), ability to explain concepts such as feature engineering, training and scoring and ability to interpret results of the algorithms.   Expertise in Google Marketing product APIs:  DoubleClick Campaign Manager, DoubleClick Bid Manager, AdWords.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the Cloud/IT technology space.  Ability to provide insights and recommendations along with effective presentation skills, with the ability to deliver a technical pitch.  The Global Tech Partnerships team develops and supports strategic enterprise partnerships and the partner ecosystem across Google Cloud — G Suite, Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Maps and Education. We work closely with external partners and across Google’s product management, engineering, marketing and all customer-facing organizations to foster tighter integration by partners with Google's open APIs across Google's products. Through these technical and business partnerships, we seek to build joint success, customer multipliers and a thriving ecosystem of partners aimed at delighting customers.  The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global data center and software products. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of how technology is used in the workplace.  We’re growing very fast and looking for a Partner Ecosystem Architect to help develop and support an ecosystem of enterprise businesses and ISVs (Independent Software Vendors) delivering software to multiple clouds. You will bring product and technical expertise, strategic perspective, business development skills, the ability to clarify and summarize complex issues, and attention to detail. You will help drive awareness of our solutions at leading industry conferences and Google events. Your enthusiasm, technical and business depth, and excellent presentation skills will help decision makers understand the benefits of Google Cloud Platform to drive growth and customer success.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Build customer and partner relationships through direct engagement and Cloud advocate.  Assess customer requirements and recommend appropriate solutions including architectural design and review to meet business objectives.  Provide customer and market feedback to product management and engineering to influence product direction.  Work closely with cross-functional teams to create and deliver product messaging including slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, and RFI/RFP response documents.  Demonstrate thought leadership in cloud computing and become a trusted advisor to decision makers.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  8 years of experience in an enterprise IT role presenting technical topics to stakeholders.  4 years of experience in cloud computing (i.e., infrastructure, storage, platforms, and data), including Cloud market, competitive dynamics, and customer buying behavior.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience architecting Cloud-based solutions for enterprise customers.  Experience presenting to various levels of an organization.  Experience operating within and across cross-functional teams including Product Management, Engineering, Legal, Finance, Marketing, etc.  Knowledge of the ecosystem to combine Cloud solutions with leading industry components to define, design, and implement end-to-end solutions.  Ability to craft a compelling message and tailor it for a given audience. Comfortable talking about technical things with business people and business things with technical people.  At Google, we put our users first. From innovative software products like Gmail, YouTube, Chrome, Street View to pioneering mobile devices like the Android, we build products that organize the world's information and make it universally accessible to our users. The Product Management team works closely with our engineers to guide products from conception to launch. As part of the Product Management team, you bridge the technical and business worlds as you design services that our customers love. You'll work with Googlers from Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and Finance, to name just a few. You have a bias toward action and can break down complex problems into steps that drive product development at Google speed. As a Product Manager, you will be part of shaping Google's next moonshot.  You will be responsible for developing solutions and implementing requirements to support the growth of Google products worldwide. This includes launching products and working closely with our engineering and other product areas to define the right structure to support our products.  One of the many reasons Google consistently brings innovative, world-changing products to market is because of the collaborative work we do in Product Management. With eyes focused squarely on the future, our team works closely with creative and prolific engineers to help design and develop technologies that improve access to the world's information. We're responsible for guiding products throughout the execution cycle, focusing specifically on analyzing, positioning, packaging, promoting and tailoring our solutions to all the markets where Google does business.  Responsibilities  Launch products on a regular basis.  Identify market opportunities and define product vision and strategy.  Understand customer needs and gather product requirements.  Develop new products and enhance existing products.  Engage closely with the engineering team to help determine the best technical implementation methods as well as a reasonable implementation schedule.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of product management or related experience.  Experience with product management or product design with a focus on software products and technologies.  Experience developing Internet products and technologies.     Preferred qualifications:   Master of Science or Business, or PhD.  5 years of relevant work experience.  Experience building online payments and/or commerce products, and knowledge of global payments.  Experience with managing products for software developers and development experience using various desktop and mobile app frameworks.  Knowledge of multiple functional areas such as Product Management, Engineering, UX/UI, Sales, Customer Support, Finance or Marketing; understanding of go-to-market commerce enablers (e.g. payments, loyalty, subscriptions, etc.).  Demonstrated ability to achieve strategic goals in an innovative and fast-paced environment, and to evolve product strategy based on research, data and industry trends; excellent problem-solving, organizational and analytical skills.   Remote locations may be available in the following states:  Alaska, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio or Wisconsin  When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  You're a Sales Engineer with excellent technical, communication, and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, search products, content/document management repository systems, and SQL-based relational databases.  In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.  Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.  Responsibilities  Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers.  Own the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources.  Work hands-on with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments.  Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.  Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.  Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies.  Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches.     Preferred qualifications:   Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field.   Experience with networking concepts including:  routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls.  Experience in and understanding of data and information management - especially as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses.  Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems.  Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space.  The Cloud Developer Relations team consists of experts from a wide range of technology roles including Software Engineers, Data Scientists and Engineers, Machine Learning Scientists, DevOps Engineers, etc who combine their domain expertise with a desire to help Google Cloud build products and solutions that are critical to their own communities and that solve their problems in simple, scalable and innovative ways.    As a Developer Advocate for DevOps, you'll participate in, and advocate to/on behalf of external tech communities and drive awareness and help build better products and experiences through feedback, sentiment and input into design processes.    Responsibilities  Create momentum and drive the success of Google Cloud Platform through your knowledge of, and interactions with, key third-party technical communities.  Advocate Google Cloud products in-person and online through activities including presenting at conferences, blogging, creating videos and writing technical tutorials.  Advocate internally and influence Google Cloud product strategy by working with Product Management, Engineering, PR, Marketing, Business Development and other cross-functional teams.  Work with Product, Engineering and Marketing teams to define product strategies, craft narratives and build demos around new and existing products and features.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Experience in Cloud Computing.  Experience in Software Development.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience developing or delivering software, including coding experience in one or more of the following languages: Java, Python, C#, Go, JavaScript, Ruby, PHP, Swift or C/C++.   3 years of experience in one or more of the following areas:  DevOps, Cloud Native, Cloud Native Ops, SRE, Continuous Delivery, Networking, Config Management, Infrastructure as Code, Operations, IT Admin, Software Automation.  Have an interest in advocating on behalf of the technology communities that you identify with, and, working with those communities to solve their problems using Google technologies.  The Cloud Developer Relations team consists of experts from a wide range of technology roles including Software Engineers, Data Scientists and Engineers, Machine Learning Scientists, DevOps Engineers, etc who combine their domain expertise with a desire to help Google Cloud build products and solutions that are critical to their own communities and that solve their problems in simple, scalable and innovative ways.  As a Developer Advocate for Cloud Native, you'll participate in, and advocate to/on behalf of the Cloud Native community and drive awareness and help build better products and experiences through feedback, sentiment and input into design processes.  Responsibilities  Create momentum and drive the success of Google Cloud Platform through your knowledge of, and interactions with the Cloud Native community.  Champion Google Cloud products in-person and online through activities including presenting at conferences, blogging, creating videos, writing technical tutorials.  Advocate internally and influence Google Cloud product strategy by working with Product Management, Engineering, PR, Marketing, Business Development and other cross-functional teams.  Work with Product, Engineering and Marketing teams to define product strategies, craft narratives and build demos around new and existing products and features.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   Experience in Cloud Computing.  Experience in Software Development.     Preferred qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field or equivalent practical experience.  5 years of experience developing or delivering software, including coding experience in one or more of the following languages: Java, Python, C#, Go, JavaScript, Ruby, PHP, Swift or C/C++.   3 years of experience in one or more of the following areas:  DevOps, Cloud Native, Cloud Native Ops, Site Reliability Engineering, Continuous Delivery, Networking, Config Management, Infrastructure as Code, Operations, IT Admin and/or Software Automation.  Interest in advocating on behalf of the technology communities that you identify with, and, working with those communities to solve their problems using Google technologies.   Note:  By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Los Angeles, CA, USA; Irvine, CA, USA     ResponsibilitiesMinimum qualifications:   BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of work experience.  Experience in JavaScript, and one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python or Go.  Experience with front end technologies and/or front end frameworks.     Preferred qualifications:   Experience developing user-facing software.  Experience with the latest web standards, including HTML5 and CSS3.  Knowledge of web libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, Polymer, Closure or Backbone.  Strong sense of web design and attuned to the fundamentals of user experience.  Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.  An understanding of the principles of accessibility and can build products that are accessible to users with disabilities.  Qualifications    Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a Front End Software Engineer, you will specialize in building responsive and elegant web applications like Inbox, Gmail, Google Search, Google Maps and more.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.  Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.    Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.    SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.    SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.     To learn more:  check out Site Reliability Engineering , written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE.  Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.  Responsibilities  Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services — from inception and design, through to deployment, operation and refinement.  Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning, and launch reviews.  Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.  Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.  Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.  Qualifications     Minimum qualifications:   BS degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field involving systems engineering (e.g. physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience.   Experience in one or more of the following:  C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl, Ruby or shell scripting.  Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems internals and administration (e.g. filesystems, inodes, system calls, etc) or networking (e.g. TCP/IP, routing, network topologies and hardware, SDN, etc).     Preferred qualifications:   Demonstrated expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with effective communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.  Ability to debug and optimize code and to automate routine tasks. 